i18n/iw/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/resources/tools/other.md, before:

---
title: Other
sidebar_position: 3
description: Other useful tools
---

# Other


### Blank Characters
> __Description:__ A list of blank Unicode characters. <br/>
__Link:__ [Blank Charcaters](https://character.construction/blanks)

### Bitwarden
> __Description:__ Open source password manager.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Bitwarden](https://bitwarden.com/)

### Blobs
> __Description:__ A server list of blob emojis. <br/>
__Link:__ [Blobs](https://blobs.gg/) <br/>
__Credit:__ @69198249432449024

### CitizenLab
> __Description:__ URL testing lists intended to help in testing URL censorship, divided by country codes.   <br/>
__Link:__ [CitizenLab](https://github.com/citizenlab/test-lists) 

### Polywork
> __Description:__ Polywork is a professional social network that lets users create a free personal webpage, share what're they're up to both personally and professionally and send collaboration requests to others.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Polywork](https://www.polywork.com/)

### Rize
> __Description:__ Rize is an intelligent time tracker that improves your focus and helps you build better work habits. <br/>
__Link:__ [Rize](https://rize.io)

### Files
> __Description:__ File manager for Windows, focused on design.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Files](https://files.community/)

### One Commander
> __Description:__ File manager for Windows, focused on productivity.  <br/>
__Link:__ [One Commander](https://www.onecommander.com/)

### Carrd
> __Description:__ Build one-page websites.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Carrd](https://carrd.co/)

### Down for Everyone or Just Me
> __Description:__ A site that checks if a domain is up.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Down for Everyone or Just Me](https://downforeveryoneorjustme.com/)

### KeyCDN Tools
> __Description:__ Many tools related to web, networking and security checkings.  <br/>
__Link:__ [KeyCDN Tools](https://tools.keycdn.com/)

### Dehashed
> __Description:__ Tool to find data breaches that contain username, email, ip, address, phone, vin, etc.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Dehashed](https://dehashed.com)

### Terms Of Service ; Didn't Read
> __Description:__ Summarized terms of service for all known companies.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Terms Of Service ; Didn't Read](https://tosdr.org/)

### TimezoneWizard
> __Description:__ Easy to use tool for finding timezones all across the globe.  <br/>
__Link:__ [TimezoneWizard](https://timezonewizard.com/)

### C.O.A.C.H
> __Description:__ Tidying up your online security, step by step.   <br/>
__Link:__ [C.O.A.C.H](http://www.crashoverridenetwork.com/coach.html)

### Empty Characters
> __Description:__ List and methods to Unicode empty characters.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Empty Characters](https://emptycharacter.com)

### Awesome
> __Description:__ Collection of lists about various topics.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @github:sindresorhus

### Internet Slang
> __Description:__ A list of slang used across the internet.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Internet Slang](https://www.ruf.rice.edu/~kemmer/Words04/usage/slang_internet.html)

### Invited 
> __Description:__ Watch movies, Youtube or even listen to music together through a shared virtual browser.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Invited](https://invited.tv/)

### Obsidian
> __Description:__ An advanced note-taking app.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)

### Trello
> __Description:__ Manage collaborative projects easily.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Trello](https://trello.com/)

### Notion
> __Description:__ A product for creating workflows and websites, fully customizable for your needs.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Notion](https://www.notion.so/)

### Tina
> __Description:__ Open-source content management tool.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Tina](https://tina.io/)

### Nord Theme
> __Description:__ An arctic-inspired color palette and theme collection for various sites and applications.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Nord Theme](https://www.nordtheme.com/)

### Pronoun Island
> __Description:__ A website for personal pronoun usage examples.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Pronoun Island](https://pronoun.is/)

### PronounDB
> __Description:__ Pronouns intergration for websites and apps.  <br/>
__Link:__ [ProunounDB](https://pronoundb.org/)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @94762492923748352

### Pronouns.page
> __Description:__ Information about nonbinary and gender neutral language.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Pronouns.page](https://en.pronouns.page/)

### Flaticon
> __Description:__ Free vector icons and stickers for your projects. Resources made by and for designers.   <br/> 
__Link:__ [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)

### Photopea
> __Description:__ Free online image editor.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/)

### Random Sites
> __Description:__ Generates a small list of random website URLs.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Random Sites](https://www.randomlists.com/websites)

### ShareX
> __Description:__ Best sharing app.  
__Link:__ [ShareX](https://getsharex.com/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @95576568025329664

### pfp.lgbt
> __Description:__ A tool to "LGBTQ+fy" your images.  <br/>
__Link:__ [pfp.lgbt](https://pfp.lgbt/)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @109710323094683648 @139836912335716352 

### Statista
> __Description:__ Statistics and business data platform for over 170 industries.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Statista](https://statista.com)

### Semantic Scholar
> __Description:__ Semantic Scholar uses AI to help you find scientific articles without suffering information overload. <br/>
__Link:__ [Semantic Scholar](https://www.semanticscholar.org/) 

### Simple Analytics
> __Description:__ Simple, clean, and friendly analytics for sites.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Simple Analytics](https://simpleanalytics.com/)

### Grafana
> __Description:__ Query, visualize, alert on, and understand your data with aesthetic dashboards.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Grafana](https://grafana.com/)

### The LaTeX Project
> __Description:__ LaTeX is a document preparation system, useful for scientific or technical documents. <br/>
__Link:__ [The LaTeX Project](https://latex-project.org) <br/>
__Credit:__ @github:latex3 

### Web Archives
> __Description:__ Explore web pages saved over time.  <br/>
__Link:__ <br/>  
[Web Archives](https://web.archive.org/)  <br/>
[Arvhive.is](https://archive.is/)

### AlternativeTo
> __Description:__ AlternativeTo is a crowd-sourced website that seeks to find alternate software for various purposes. <br/>
__Link:__ [AlternativeTo](https://alternativeto.net/)

### Internet Download Manager
> __Description:__ Tool that makes downloading videos and files through the browser easy.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Download Internet Download Manager](https://www.internetdownloadmanager.com/download.html)

### Whois Lookup
> __Description:__ Lookup information about domains or IP addresses.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Whois Lookup](https://whois.domaintools.com/)

### Status Page
> __Description:__ Communicate real-time status to your members.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Status Page](https://statuspage.io)

### Tone Indicators Website
> __Description:__ Find and understand text tone indicators.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Tone Indicators](https://toneindicators.carrd.co/)

### URL Scanner
> __Description:__ Scans URLs and gives details about them.   <br/>
__Link:__ [URL Scan](https://urlscan.io/)

### URL Expander
> __Description:__ Expand short URLs.   <br/>
__Link:__ [URL Expander](https://urlex.org/)

### Waifu2x
> __Description:__ Image scaling and noise reduction for anime-style art.   <br/>
__Link:__ [waifu2x](http://waifu2x.udp.jp/)

### True Size
> __Description:__ A global map where you can drag and drop landmasses to see better comparisons of size. <br/>
__Link:__ [True Size](https://thetruesize.com/) 

### Visual Center
> __Description:__ Find the visual center of your images.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Visual Center](https://javier.xyz/visual-center/)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @github:javierbyte

### Lightmode is Necessary
> __Description:__ An article explaining why lightmode is an important to software. <br/>
__Link:__ [Article](https://lightmode.glitch.me) <br/>

### ProtonMail
> __Description:__ Open Source E2E encrypted Email Service. <br/>
__Link:__ [ProtonMail](https://protonmail.com) <br/>

### dCode
> __Description:__ dCode is a universal website used for encoding and decoding messages. Also offers a bunch of related tools.  <br/>
__Link:__ [dCode Website](https://dcode.fr/en)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @273906785788624907

### Computer Hope
> __Description:__ Free computer help and support. <br/>
__Link:__ [ComputerHope](https://www.computerhope.com/) <br/>

### Skill Icons
> __Description:__ Showcase languages, frameworks and tools used on a GitHub profile. <br/>
__Link:__ [Skill Icons](https://skillicons.dev/) <br/>
__Credit:__ @276544649148235776

### Savefrom
> __Description:__ Download any content from popular sites.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Savefrom](https://savefrom.net/)

Commit message:

Update CleanURLs position
Moved from Phishing to Other

i18n/iw/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/resources/tools/other.md, after:

---
title: Other
sidebar_position: 3
description: Other useful tools
---

# Other

### CleanURLs
> __Description:__ ClearURLs is an add-on based on the new WebExtensions technology and will automatically remove tracking elements from URLs to help protect your privacy.  <br/>
__Link(s):__  <br/>
[CleanUrls](https://github.com/ClearURLs/Addon)  <br/>
[CleanUrls Docs](https://docs.clearurls.xyz/latest/)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @github:KevinRoebert

### Blank Characters
> __Description:__ A list of blank Unicode characters. <br/>
__Link:__ [Blank Charcaters](https://character.construction/blanks)

### Bitwarden
> __Description:__ Open source password manager.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Bitwarden](https://bitwarden.com/)

### Blobs
> __Description:__ A server list of blob emojis. <br/>
__Link:__ [Blobs](https://blobs.gg/) <br/>
__Credit:__ @69198249432449024

### CitizenLab
> __Description:__ URL testing lists intended to help in testing URL censorship, divided by country codes.   <br/>
__Link:__ [CitizenLab](https://github.com/citizenlab/test-lists) 

### Polywork
> __Description:__ Polywork is a professional social network that lets users create a free personal webpage, share what're they're up to both personally and professionally and send collaboration requests to others.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Polywork](https://www.polywork.com/)

### Rize
> __Description:__ Rize is an intelligent time tracker that improves your focus and helps you build better work habits. <br/>
__Link:__ [Rize](https://rize.io)

### Files
> __Description:__ File manager for Windows, focused on design.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Files](https://files.community/)

### One Commander
> __Description:__ File manager for Windows, focused on productivity.  <br/>
__Link:__ [One Commander](https://www.onecommander.com/)

### Carrd
> __Description:__ Build one-page websites.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Carrd](https://carrd.co/)

### Down for Everyone or Just Me
> __Description:__ A site that checks if a domain is up.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Down for Everyone or Just Me](https://downforeveryoneorjustme.com/)

### KeyCDN Tools
> __Description:__ Many tools related to web, networking and security checkings.  <br/>
__Link:__ [KeyCDN Tools](https://tools.keycdn.com/)

### Dehashed
> __Description:__ Tool to find data breaches that contain username, email, ip, address, phone, vin, etc.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Dehashed](https://dehashed.com)

### Terms Of Service ; Didn't Read
> __Description:__ Summarized terms of service for all known companies.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Terms Of Service ; Didn't Read](https://tosdr.org/)

### TimezoneWizard
> __Description:__ Easy to use tool for finding timezones all across the globe.  <br/>
__Link:__ [TimezoneWizard](https://timezonewizard.com/)

### C.O.A.C.H
> __Description:__ Tidying up your online security, step by step.   <br/>
__Link:__ [C.O.A.C.H](http://www.crashoverridenetwork.com/coach.html)

### Empty Characters
> __Description:__ List and methods to Unicode empty characters.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Empty Characters](https://emptycharacter.com)

### Awesome
> __Description:__ Collection of lists about various topics.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @github:sindresorhus

### Internet Slang
> __Description:__ A list of slang used across the internet.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Internet Slang](https://www.ruf.rice.edu/~kemmer/Words04/usage/slang_internet.html)

### Invited 
> __Description:__ Watch movies, Youtube or even listen to music together through a shared virtual browser.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Invited](https://invited.tv/)

### Obsidian
> __Description:__ An advanced note-taking app.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)

### Trello
> __Description:__ Manage collaborative projects easily.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Trello](https://trello.com/)

### Notion
> __Description:__ A product for creating workflows and websites, fully customizable for your needs.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Notion](https://www.notion.so/)

### Tina
> __Description:__ Open-source content management tool.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Tina](https://tina.io/)

### Nord Theme
> __Description:__ An arctic-inspired color palette and theme collection for various sites and applications.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Nord Theme](https://www.nordtheme.com/)

### Pronoun Island
> __Description:__ A website for personal pronoun usage examples.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Pronoun Island](https://pronoun.is/)

### PronounDB
> __Description:__ Pronouns intergration for websites and apps.  <br/>
__Link:__ [ProunounDB](https://pronoundb.org/)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @94762492923748352

### Pronouns.page
> __Description:__ Information about nonbinary and gender neutral language.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Pronouns.page](https://en.pronouns.page/)

### Flaticon
> __Description:__ Free vector icons and stickers for your projects. Resources made by and for designers.   <br/> 
__Link:__ [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)

### Photopea
> __Description:__ Free online image editor.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/)

### Random Sites
> __Description:__ Generates a small list of random website URLs.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Random Sites](https://www.randomlists.com/websites)

### ShareX
> __Description:__ Best sharing app.  
__Link:__ [ShareX](https://getsharex.com/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @95576568025329664

### pfp.lgbt
> __Description:__ A tool to "LGBTQ+fy" your images.  <br/>
__Link:__ [pfp.lgbt](https://pfp.lgbt/)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @109710323094683648 @139836912335716352 

### Statista
> __Description:__ Statistics and business data platform for over 170 industries.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Statista](https://statista.com)

### Semantic Scholar
> __Description:__ Semantic Scholar uses AI to help you find scientific articles without suffering information overload. <br/>
__Link:__ [Semantic Scholar](https://www.semanticscholar.org/) 

### Simple Analytics
> __Description:__ Simple, clean, and friendly analytics for sites.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Simple Analytics](https://simpleanalytics.com/)

### Grafana
> __Description:__ Query, visualize, alert on, and understand your data with aesthetic dashboards.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Grafana](https://grafana.com/)

### The LaTeX Project
> __Description:__ LaTeX is a document preparation system, useful for scientific or technical documents. <br/>
__Link:__ [The LaTeX Project](https://latex-project.org) <br/>
__Credit:__ @github:latex3 

### Web Archives
> __Description:__ Explore web pages saved over time.  <br/>
__Link:__ <br/>  
[Web Archives](https://web.archive.org/)  <br/>
[Arvhive.is](https://archive.is/)

### AlternativeTo
> __Description:__ AlternativeTo is a crowd-sourced website that seeks to find alternate software for various purposes. <br/>
__Link:__ [AlternativeTo](https://alternativeto.net/)

### Internet Download Manager
> __Description:__ Tool that makes downloading videos and files through the browser easy.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Download Internet Download Manager](https://www.internetdownloadmanager.com/download.html)

### Whois Lookup
> __Description:__ Lookup information about domains or IP addresses.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Whois Lookup](https://whois.domaintools.com/)

### Status Page
> __Description:__ Communicate real-time status to your members.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Status Page](https://statuspage.io)

### Tone Indicators Website
> __Description:__ Find and understand text tone indicators.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Tone Indicators](https://toneindicators.carrd.co/)

### URL Scanner
> __Description:__ Scans URLs and gives details about them.   <br/>
__Link:__ [URL Scan](https://urlscan.io/)

### URL Expander
> __Description:__ Expand short URLs.   <br/>
__Link:__ [URL Expander](https://urlex.org/)

### Waifu2x
> __Description:__ Image scaling and noise reduction for anime-style art.   <br/>
__Link:__ [waifu2x](http://waifu2x.udp.jp/)

### True Size
> __Description:__ A global map where you can drag and drop landmasses to see better comparisons of size. <br/>
__Link:__ [True Size](https://thetruesize.com/) 

### Visual Center
> __Description:__ Find the visual center of your images.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Visual Center](https://javier.xyz/visual-center/)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @github:javierbyte

### Lightmode is Necessary
> __Description:__ An article explaining why lightmode is an important to software. <br/>
__Link:__ [Article](https://lightmode.glitch.me) <br/>

### ProtonMail
> __Description:__ Open Source E2E encrypted Email Service. <br/>
__Link:__ [ProtonMail](https://protonmail.com) <br/>

### dCode
> __Description:__ dCode is a universal website used for encoding and decoding messages. Also offers a bunch of related tools.  <br/>
__Link:__ [dCode Website](https://dcode.fr/en)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @273906785788624907

### Computer Hope
> __Description:__ Free computer help and support. <br/>
__Link:__ [ComputerHope](https://www.computerhope.com/) <br/>

### Skill Icons
> __Description:__ Showcase languages, frameworks and tools used on a GitHub profile. <br/>
__Link:__ [Skill Icons](https://skillicons.dev/) <br/>
__Credit:__ @276544649148235776

### Savefrom
> __Description:__ Download any content from popular sites.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Savefrom](https://savefrom.net/)
