wiki/resources/tools/converters.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Converters
- Time Converters 
### **HammerTime**
> __Description:__ Pick a date, copy the desired timestamp from the Chat syntax column, then paste it anywhere in a chat message.   <br/>
The result will be a dynamic timestamp that displays differently for everyone based on their own timezone.   <br/>
__Link:__ [HammerTime](https://hammertime.djdavid98.art/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @github:DJDavid98

### **Snowstamp (Snowflake to Timestamp Converter)** 
> __Description:__ Converts a user’s snowflake into the timestamp the account was created.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Snowstamp](https://pixelatomy.com/snow-stamp/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @86913608335773696

### **DateTimeCord** 
> __Description:__ A useful website to generate date and time formatting Markdown for discord. Supports all the formatting options that discord does, as well as shows a preview of how it would look in discord.   <br/>
__Link:__ [DateTimeCord](https://datetimecord.rauf.wtf/) 
__Credit:__ @172557961133162496

### **Alfred time converters plugins**
> __Description:__ Alfred plugins to convert time to timestamps and vice versa.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[Alfred-Whencord](https://github.com/HilbertGilbertson/alfred-whencord)   <br/>
[Alfred-Snowcord](https://github.com/HilbertGilbertson/alfred-snowcord)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @213023662066892800

### **Epoch Converter (Epoch & Unix timestamp conversion tools)**
> __Description:__ Converts a time given into a Unix timestamp.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Epoch Converter](https://www.epochconverter.com/) 

### **Unix Timestamps Decoder**
> __Description:__ Decodes a Unix timestamp into a standard MM/DD/YYYY format.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Unix Timestamp Decoder](https://www.unixtimestamp.com/)

- File Converters 

### **Text Formatting Tools**
> __Description:__ A website for converting various text formats.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Text Formatting Tools](http://www.unit-conversion.info/texttools/)

### **Discord Txt**
> __Description:__ Used to view .txt files that have been uploaded to Discord.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Txt](https://txt.discord.website/)

### **File Converter**
> __Description:__ Convert file types to others.   <br/>
__Link:__ [File Converter](https://github.com/Tichau/FileConverter)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @Tichau

### **Color Replacer**
> __Description:__ Replace a specfic colour of an image.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Color Replacer](https://www2.lunapic.com/editor/?action=replace-color)

### **SVG Viewer**
> __Description:__ View SVG files.   <br/>
__Link:__ [SVG Viewer](https://www.svgviewer.dev/)

### **Youtube Downloader**
> __Description:__ Download a youtube video as a file using its URL (either audio only or video). <br/>
__Link:__ [Youtube Downloader](http://youtube.tpcstld.me/) <br/>
__Credit:__ @141065743197405184

### **Lottie Image Resizer**
> __Description:__ Lottie image resize so you can get your Lottie files ≤320px.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Lottie Image Resizer](https://lottieresizer.tech/)

### **.gif to .apng**
> __Description:__ Converts .gif files to .apng files.   <br/>
__Link:__ [.gif To .apng](https://www.freeconvert.com/convert/gif-to-apng)

### **HTML Color Codes**
> __Description:__ A site that converts a color into hex code and vice versa.   <br/>
__Link:__ [HTML Color Codes](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/)

### **Image Color Picker**
> __Description:__ Upload an image and get a specific hex code for a color in the picture.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Image Color Picker](https://imagecolorpicker.com/)

### **Removebg**
> __Description:__ Remove any background from an image.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Removebg](https://www.remove.bg/upload)

### **Video Compressor**
> __Description:__ A video compressor designed to compress your videos to the perfect size for Discord upload. It comes with three options which are 8MB, 50MB, and 100MB, which fit various upload restrictions.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Video Compressor](https://8mb.video/)

Commit message:

Replace & Add 2 Items
Replaced: Removebg with Erase.bg, way better because it's completely free!
Added: Cleanup.pictures, this list doesn't have an option for removing items from an image.

wiki/resources/tools/converters.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Converters
- Time Converters 
### **HammerTime**
> __Description:__ Pick a date, copy the desired timestamp from the Chat syntax column, then paste it anywhere in a chat message.   <br/>
The result will be a dynamic timestamp that displays differently for everyone based on their own timezone.   <br/>
__Link:__ [HammerTime](https://hammertime.djdavid98.art/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @github:DJDavid98

### **Snowstamp (Snowflake to Timestamp Converter)** 
> __Description:__ Converts a user’s snowflake into the timestamp the account was created.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Snowstamp](https://pixelatomy.com/snow-stamp/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @86913608335773696

### **DateTimeCord** 
> __Description:__ A useful website to generate date and time formatting Markdown for discord. Supports all the formatting options that discord does, as well as shows a preview of how it would look in discord.   <br/>
__Link:__ [DateTimeCord](https://datetimecord.rauf.wtf/) 
__Credit:__ @172557961133162496

### **Alfred time converters plugins**
> __Description:__ Alfred plugins to convert time to timestamps and vice versa.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[Alfred-Whencord](https://github.com/HilbertGilbertson/alfred-whencord)   <br/>
[Alfred-Snowcord](https://github.com/HilbertGilbertson/alfred-snowcord)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @213023662066892800

### **Epoch Converter (Epoch & Unix timestamp conversion tools)**
> __Description:__ Converts a time given into a Unix timestamp.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Epoch Converter](https://www.epochconverter.com/) 

### **Unix Timestamps Decoder**
> __Description:__ Decodes a Unix timestamp into a standard MM/DD/YYYY format.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Unix Timestamp Decoder](https://www.unixtimestamp.com/)

- File Converters 

### **Text Formatting Tools**
> __Description:__ A website for converting various text formats.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Text Formatting Tools](http://www.unit-conversion.info/texttools/)

### **Discord Txt**
> __Description:__ Used to view .txt files that have been uploaded to Discord.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Txt](https://txt.discord.website/)

### **File Converter**
> __Description:__ Convert file types to others.   <br/>
__Link:__ [File Converter](https://github.com/Tichau/FileConverter)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @Tichau

### **Color Replacer**
> __Description:__ Replace a specfic colour of an image.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Color Replacer](https://www2.lunapic.com/editor/?action=replace-color)

### **SVG Viewer**
> __Description:__ View SVG files.   <br/>
__Link:__ [SVG Viewer](https://www.svgviewer.dev/)

### **Youtube Downloader**
> __Description:__ Download a youtube video as a file using its URL (either audio only or video). <br/>
__Link:__ [Youtube Downloader](http://youtube.tpcstld.me/) <br/>
__Credit:__ @141065743197405184

### **Lottie Image Resizer**
> __Description:__ Lottie image resize so you can get your Lottie files ≤320px.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Lottie Image Resizer](https://lottieresizer.tech/)

### **.gif to .apng**
> __Description:__ Converts .gif files to .apng files.   <br/>
__Link:__ [.gif To .apng](https://www.freeconvert.com/convert/gif-to-apng)

### **HTML Color Codes**
> __Description:__ A site that converts a color into hex code and vice versa.   <br/>
__Link:__ [HTML Color Codes](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/)

### **Image Color Picker**
> __Description:__ Upload an image and get a specific hex code for a color in the picture.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Image Color Picker](https://imagecolorpicker.com/)

### **Erase.bg**
> __Description:__ Remove background from images of humans, animals or objects and download high-resolution images for free.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Erase.bg](https://www.erase.bg/)

### **Cleanup.pictures**
> __Description:__ Remove any object, people, text or defects from your pictures.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Cleanup.pictures](https://cleanup.pictures/)

### **Video Compressor**
> __Description:__ A video compressor designed to compress your videos to the perfect size for Discord upload. It comes with three options which are 8MB, 50MB, and 100MB, which fit various upload restrictions.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Video Compressor](https://8mb.video/)
