wiki/resources/tools/discord.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Discord Related

### **Alternatives to MEE6**
> __Description:__ A list of Discord bots that can be used in place of MEE6.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Alternatives To MEE6](https://www.alternativestomee6.com/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @99787644430475264

### **All Discord permissions**
> __Description:__ A list of all the permissions available for users.   <br/>
__Link:__ [All Discord Permissions](https://discordapi.com/permissions)

### **Discord Tools**
> __Description:__ A collection of Discord tools for power users to analyse your guilds, get information on snowflakes, or even see the current status of Discord. Get the # of guilds your account is in, see how many servers you own, moderate, are partnered, and show lists of all servers in the categories above as well as a list of all servers.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Tools](https://discordtools.io/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @276544649148235776

### **Discord Toolbox**
> __Description:__ Discord tools such as Discord status updates, experiments info and servers/snowflakes lookup.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Toolbox](https://distools.app/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @386861188891279362

### **Discord Data Package Explorer**
> __Description:__ Explore your discord data easily.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Data Package Explorer](https://github.com/Androz2091/discord-data-package-explorer)   <br/>
__Credit:__ [Androz2091](https://github.com/Androz2091)

### **Discord Simple Avatar Maker**
> __Description:__ A site to make simple discord avatars.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Simple Avatar Maker](https://discord-avatar-maker.app/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ [Christian Reichart](https://github.com/christian-reichart)

### **Discord Emoji Downloader**
> __Description:__ This little tool will allow you to download a ZIP archive with all emojis from a Discord server.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Emoji Downloader](https://thatiemsz.github.io/Discord-Emoji-Downloader/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @152164749868662784

### **Discord Server Card Generator**
> __Description:__ Generate a server card you can copy for your email signatures.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Server Card Generator](https://geisterfurz007.github.io/discord-server-card-generator/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ [geisterfurz007](https://github.com/geisterfurz007)

### **Discord Testers Bug Tool (official)**
> __Description:__ The official tool for generating text for DBug's !submit command. The form guides you step by step through every input to automatically generate a command for you at the end.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Testers Bug Tool](https://dis.gd/bug-tool)

### **Discord Bug Report Command Generator**
> __Description:__ A quick and easy tool for everything bug reporting. Contains report generation, can/can't reproduce, editing reports, attach and detachment, and approving, denying, and revoking bug reports.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Bug Report Command Generator](https://brightskyz.github.io/dbug/index.html)   <br/>
__Credit:__  @209769851651227648

### **Discord Invite Info**
> __Description:__ Shows info about a guild using an invitation.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Invite Info](https://discordinvite.info/)

### **Discord Flags**
> __Description:__ A document full with all Discord flags and their meanings.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Flags](https://flags.lewistehminerz.dev/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @96269247411400704

### **Dragory's Avatar Preview**
> __Description:__ This is an avatar preview tool used to optimise your avatar between both light and dark themes.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Dragory’s Avatar Preview](https://dragory.net/avatar-preview/)   <br/>
__Credit:__  @106391128718245888

### **Dragory's Role Colour Preview**
> __Description:__ This is a role colour preview tool used to optimise your role colours between both light and dark themes.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Dragory’s Role Colour Preview](https://dragory.github.io/role-preview-for-discord/)   <br/>
__Credit:__  @106391128718245888

### **Disgradient**
> __Description:__ An easy to use tool to help create a gradient for your Discord folders, roles and more.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Disgradient](https://disgradient.vanished.rocks/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @267025484028706816

### **DeepResearch**
> __Description:__ Discord status that provides visualisations, analytics, and tools for chat-based communities.   <br/>
__Link:__ [DeepResearch](https://www.altr.fyi/)

### **Experiments Rollouts**
> __Description:__ Shows the current discord experiments and their rollout percentage.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Experiments Rollouts](https://rollouts.advaith.io/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @190916650143318016

### **Find a Guild**
> __Description:__ Find a guild using it’s ID, through replacing ‘GUILD_ID’ (provided it has widgets on).   <br/>
__Link:__ [Find a Guild](https://canary.discord.com/api/guilds/GUILD_ID/widget.json)

### **Find Guild Features**
> __Description:__ check the features of a guild via an instant invite code.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Find Guild Features](https://discord.com/api/invite/[invitecode])

### **Jagrosh'S GitHub -> Discord Webhook Guide**
> __Description:__ A guide to integrate your GitHub projects to a Discord channel.    <br/>
__Link:__ [Jagrosh'S GitHub -> Discord Webhook Guide](https://gist.github.com/jagrosh/5b1761213e33fc5b54ec7f6379034a22)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @113156185389092864

### **Library Rest & WS Coverage Comparisons**
> __Description:__ A giant feature comparison for what various discord API libraries do both over REST and WS.   <br/>
(also check [Discord API unofficial](https://discordapi.com/unofficial/) for docs and libraries)   <br/>
__Link:__ [Website](https://discordapi.com/unofficial/comparison.html) 

### **Mozzy's Log Sorter** 
> __Description:__ An easy log parser that supports multiple different bot logs that allows you to grab user IDs from big sections of logs.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Mozzy’s Log Sorter](https://leonlarsson.com/projects/logsorter/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @99182302885588992

### **Webence**
> __Description:__ A tool that allows you to embed your Discord profile in an iframe.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Webence](https://panleyent.com/webence/)   <br/>
__Credit:__  @249287049482338305

### **Powercord**
> __Description:__ Powercord is a lightweight client mod focused on simplicity and performance.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Powercord](https://powercord.dev/)

### **Presence Maker**
> __Description:__ Create Discord rich presence with this tool.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Presence Maker](https://github.com/ThatOneCalculator/DiscordRPCMaker)

### **Rauf's Guild Count**
> __Description:__ Counts the number of guilds you’re in.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Rauf's Guild Count](https://rauf.wtf/guildcount)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @172557961133162496

### **Rauf's Slash Command Generator**
> __Description:__ An easy to use slash command tool which allows bot developers to create slash commands simply and fast.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Rauf's Slash Command Generator](https://rauf.wtf/slash)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @172557961133162496

### **Status**
> __Description:__ A server that has a collection of announcement channels you can follow for many status pages (including Discord, Cloudflare, GitHub, Hypixel & more) so you can be one of the first to know when one of your favourite service(s) have issues.   <br/>
__Link(s):__ 
[Server Invite](https://inv.wtf/statuspages)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @287698408855044097

### **Sylveon's Ban Appeal Website (self-host)**
> __Description:__ Sample ban appeals page with OAuth2 integration.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Sylveon’s Ban Appeal Website](https://github.com/sylveon/discord-ban-appeals)   <br/>
__Credit:__  @207123748120166400

### **Rauf's Embeds Generator**
> __Description:__ Generate embeds using this site.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Rauf's Embeds Generator](https://embed.rauf.wtf/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @172557961133162496

 ### **Webhooks Creator** 
> __Description:__ A site to create webhooks with.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Webhooks Creator](https://webhook.site/)

## **Google forms -> Discord Webhook**
> __Description:__ Sends a google form response to a discord channel using webhooks.  <br/>
__Link__ [Google forms -> Discord Webhook](https://github.com/Iku/Google-Forms-to-Discord)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @87599455892692992

### **Crosslink's Utility Links**
> __Description:__ Easy to use links to lookup users and domains. Replace "ID" with User ID and "Domain" with the domain name.  <br/>
__Link(s):__ [User Info](https://crss.link/u/ID) <br/>
[Domain Info](https://crss.link/d/Domain)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @249287049482338305

### **Zeppelin in Docker**
> __Description:__ Easy setup to self-host the moderation bot Zeppelin in docker.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Zeppelin In Docker](https://github.com/Benricheson101/ZeppelinBot#running-the-bot-with-docker)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @255834596766253057

Commit message:

add url.wtf embed link tool

wiki/resources/tools/discord.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Discord Related

### **Alternatives to MEE6**
> __Description:__ A list of Discord bots that can be used in place of MEE6.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Alternatives To MEE6](https://www.alternativestomee6.com/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @99787644430475264

### **All Discord permissions**
> __Description:__ A list of all the permissions available for users.   <br/>
__Link:__ [All Discord Permissions](https://discordapi.com/permissions)

### **Discord Tools**
> __Description:__ A collection of Discord tools for power users to analyse your guilds, get information on snowflakes, or even see the current status of Discord. Get the # of guilds your account is in, see how many servers you own, moderate, are partnered, and show lists of all servers in the categories above as well as a list of all servers.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Tools](https://discordtools.io/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @276544649148235776

### **Discord Toolbox**
> __Description:__ Discord tools such as Discord status updates, experiments info and servers/snowflakes lookup.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Toolbox](https://distools.app/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @386861188891279362

### **Discord Data Package Explorer**
> __Description:__ Explore your discord data easily.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Data Package Explorer](https://github.com/Androz2091/discord-data-package-explorer)   <br/>
__Credit:__ [Androz2091](https://github.com/Androz2091)

### **Discord Simple Avatar Maker**
> __Description:__ A site to make simple discord avatars.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Simple Avatar Maker](https://discord-avatar-maker.app/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ [Christian Reichart](https://github.com/christian-reichart)

### **Discord Emoji Downloader**
> __Description:__ This little tool will allow you to download a ZIP archive with all emojis from a Discord server.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Emoji Downloader](https://thatiemsz.github.io/Discord-Emoji-Downloader/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @152164749868662784

### **Discord Server Card Generator**
> __Description:__ Generate a server card you can copy for your email signatures.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Server Card Generator](https://geisterfurz007.github.io/discord-server-card-generator/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ [geisterfurz007](https://github.com/geisterfurz007)

### **Discord Testers Bug Tool (official)**
> __Description:__ The official tool for generating text for DBug's !submit command. The form guides you step by step through every input to automatically generate a command for you at the end.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Testers Bug Tool](https://dis.gd/bug-tool)

### **Discord Bug Report Command Generator**
> __Description:__ A quick and easy tool for everything bug reporting. Contains report generation, can/can't reproduce, editing reports, attach and detachment, and approving, denying, and revoking bug reports.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Bug Report Command Generator](https://brightskyz.github.io/dbug/index.html)   <br/>
__Credit:__  @209769851651227648

### **Discord Invite Info**
> __Description:__ Shows info about a guild using an invitation.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Invite Info](https://discordinvite.info/)

### **Discord Flags**
> __Description:__ A document full with all Discord flags and their meanings.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Flags](https://flags.lewistehminerz.dev/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @96269247411400704

### **Dragory's Avatar Preview**
> __Description:__ This is an avatar preview tool used to optimise your avatar between both light and dark themes.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Dragory’s Avatar Preview](https://dragory.net/avatar-preview/)   <br/>
__Credit:__  @106391128718245888

### **Dragory's Role Colour Preview**
> __Description:__ This is a role colour preview tool used to optimise your role colours between both light and dark themes.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Dragory’s Role Colour Preview](https://dragory.github.io/role-preview-for-discord/)   <br/>
__Credit:__  @106391128718245888

### **Disgradient**
> __Description:__ An easy to use tool to help create a gradient for your Discord folders, roles and more.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Disgradient](https://disgradient.vanished.rocks/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @267025484028706816

### **DeepResearch**
> __Description:__ Discord status that provides visualisations, analytics, and tools for chat-based communities.   <br/>
__Link:__ [DeepResearch](https://www.altr.fyi/)

### **Experiments Rollouts**
> __Description:__ Shows the current discord experiments and their rollout percentage.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Experiments Rollouts](https://rollouts.advaith.io/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @190916650143318016

### **Find a Guild**
> __Description:__ Find a guild using it’s ID, through replacing ‘GUILD_ID’ (provided it has widgets on).   <br/>
__Link:__ [Find a Guild](https://canary.discord.com/api/guilds/GUILD_ID/widget.json)

### **Find Guild Features**
> __Description:__ check the features of a guild via an instant invite code.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Find Guild Features](https://discord.com/api/invite/[invitecode])

### **Jagrosh'S GitHub -> Discord Webhook Guide**
> __Description:__ A guide to integrate your GitHub projects to a Discord channel.    <br/>
__Link:__ [Jagrosh'S GitHub -> Discord Webhook Guide](https://gist.github.com/jagrosh/5b1761213e33fc5b54ec7f6379034a22)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @113156185389092864

### **Library Rest & WS Coverage Comparisons**
> __Description:__ A giant feature comparison for what various discord API libraries do both over REST and WS.   <br/>
(also check [Discord API unofficial](https://discordapi.com/unofficial/) for docs and libraries)   <br/>
__Link:__ [Website](https://discordapi.com/unofficial/comparison.html) 

### **Mozzy's Log Sorter** 
> __Description:__ An easy log parser that supports multiple different bot logs that allows you to grab user IDs from big sections of logs.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Mozzy’s Log Sorter](https://leonlarsson.com/projects/logsorter/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @99182302885588992

### **Webence**
> __Description:__ A tool that allows you to embed your Discord profile in an iframe.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Webence](https://panleyent.com/webence/)   <br/>
__Credit:__  @249287049482338305

### **Powercord**
> __Description:__ Powercord is a lightweight client mod focused on simplicity and performance.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Powercord](https://powercord.dev/)

### **Presence Maker**
> __Description:__ Create Discord rich presence with this tool.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Presence Maker](https://github.com/ThatOneCalculator/DiscordRPCMaker)

### **Rauf's Guild Count**
> __Description:__ Counts the number of guilds you’re in.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Rauf's Guild Count](https://rauf.wtf/guildcount)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @172557961133162496

### **Rauf's Slash Command Generator**
> __Description:__ An easy to use slash command tool which allows bot developers to create slash commands simply and fast.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Rauf's Slash Command Generator](https://rauf.wtf/slash)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @172557961133162496

### **Status**
> __Description:__ A server that has a collection of announcement channels you can follow for many status pages (including Discord, Cloudflare, GitHub, Hypixel & more) so you can be one of the first to know when one of your favourite service(s) have issues.   <br/>
__Link(s):__ 
[Server Invite](https://inv.wtf/statuspages)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @287698408855044097

### **Sylveon's Ban Appeal Website (self-host)**
> __Description:__ Sample ban appeals page with OAuth2 integration.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Sylveon’s Ban Appeal Website](https://github.com/sylveon/discord-ban-appeals)   <br/>
__Credit:__  @207123748120166400

### **Rauf's Embeds Generator**
> __Description:__ Generate embeds using this site.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Rauf's Embeds Generator](https://embed.rauf.wtf/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @172557961133162496

 ### **Webhooks Creator** 
> __Description:__ A site to create webhooks with.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Webhooks Creator](https://webhook.site/)

## **Google forms -> Discord Webhook**
> __Description:__ Sends a google form response to a discord channel using webhooks.  <br/>
__Link__ [Google forms -> Discord Webhook](https://github.com/Iku/Google-Forms-to-Discord)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @87599455892692992

### **Crosslink's Utility Links**
> __Description:__ Easy to use links to lookup users and domains. Replace "ID" with User ID and "Domain" with the domain name.  <br/>
__Link(s):__ [User Info](https://crss.link/u/ID) <br/>
[Domain Info](https://crss.link/d/Domain)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @249287049482338305

### **Merlin's Embed Links**
> __Description:__ Easy to use links to lookup users, servers, and invites. Replace "ID" with the User or Server ID.  <br/>
__Link(s):__ <br/>
[https://url.wtf/ID](https://url.wtf/u/386861188891279362) for users <br/>
[https://url.wtf/g/ID](https://url.wtf/g/7807680068520378369) for servers (also supports invite codes) <br/>
__Credit:__ @386861188891279362

### **Zeppelin in Docker**
> __Description:__ Easy setup to self-host the moderation bot Zeppelin in docker.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Zeppelin In Docker](https://github.com/Benricheson101/ZeppelinBot#running-the-bot-with-docker)   <br/>
__Credit:__ @255834596766253057
