wiki/resources/tools/phishing.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Phishing Related

### **Discord Nitro Scams**
> __Description:__ This **safe and secure** website (*not a scam*) compares real Discord Nitro gifts to scams. Beware!   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Nitro Information](https://dicsord.gq/)

### **Virus Total**
> __Description:__ Virus Total analyses suspicious files and URLs to detect types of malware.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Virus Total](https://www.virustotal.com/gui/home/upload)

### **CleanURLs**
> __Description:__ ClearURLs is an add-on based on the new WebExtensions technology and will automatically remove tracking elements from URLs to help protect your privacy.  <br/>
__Link(s):__  <br/>
[CleanUrls](https://github.com/ClearURLs/Addon)  <br/>
[CleanUrls Docs](https://docs.clearurls.xyz/latest/)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @github:KevinRoebert


### **Gits of Scam Links**
> __Description:__ GitHub repositories full of scam links.   <br/>
__Link(s):__  
[Block List Project](https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/)   <br/>
[malvertising](https://github.com/D09r/malvertising/blob/master/scam-domains.csv)   <br/>
[ZeroTwo Bot List](https://github.com/ZeroTwo-Bot/anti-fish-lists/)   <br/>
[Jagrosh's List](https://github.com/jagrosh/Vortex/tree/master/lists)   <br/>
[Pihole Blocklist](https://github.com/mhhakim/pihole-blocklist/)   <br/>
[Elkbr's List](https://github.com/elbkr/bad-websites)  <br/>
[WalshyDev's List](https://github.com/WalshyDev/Discord-bad-domains/blob/main/bad-domains.json)

### **Database full of malicious links**
> __Description:__ Self explanatory. 🔢   <br/>
__Link:__ [Malicious Links Database](https://urlhaus.abuse.ch/browse/)

### **Phishing Recognizing Tools**
> __Description:__ Many tools to help you recognize phishing and compromised sites.  <br/>
__Link(s):__ <br/>
[Google Safety Checker](https://transparencyreport.google.com/safe-browsing/search)  <br/>
[AbuseIPDB](https://www.abuseipdb.com/)  <br/>
[BrightCloud URL Lookup](https://www.brightcloud.com/tools/url-ip-lookup.php)  <br/>
[Is It Hacked](https://www.isithacked.com/)  <br/>
[isitPhishing](https://isitphishing.org/) <br/>
[URL Void](https://www.urlvoid.com/)  <br/>
[IP Void](https://www.ipvoid.com/)  <br/>
[Sucuri Web Page Security Check](https://unmask.sucuri.net/security-report/)  <br/>
[URL Scan](https://urlscan.io/)  <br/>
[ThreatMiner](https://www.threatminer.org/)  <br/>
[McAfee URL Checker](https://www.trustedsource.org/)  <br/>
[IP Logger URL Checker](https://iplogger.com/url-checker)

### Phishing APIs 
> __Description:__ These are APIs and tools to handle phishing attempts.   <br/>
__Link(s):__ <br/>
[Got Phish](http://gotphish.com/)   <br/>
[phish.surf](https://api.hyperphish.com/gimme-domains)   <br/>
[Phish Report](https://phish.report/)   <br/>
[Phish Sinking Yachts](https://phish.sinking.yachts/docs) (credit: @204414611578028034)  <br/>
[Anti - Fish API](https://anti-fish.bitflow.dev/) (credit: @218508002255306752)   <br/>
[Spoopy Detector](https://spoopy.oceanlord.me/) (credit: @240973228632178689)   <br/>
[Phish Tank](https://phishtank.org/)   <br/>
[Blacklisted Domains](https://api.hyperphish.com/gimme-domains) <br/>
[Malware & URL Scanner](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/malware-url-scanner/ianpniapgjchiheejeipopldaanbjicd) <br/>
[ipqualityscore](https://www.ipqualityscore.com/threat-feeds/malicious-url-scanner)  <br/>
[Azrael Phish API](https://phish.azrael.gg/) (credit: @641795527444529152)

### **Phisherman** 
> __Description:__   <br/>
Phisherman is a centralized database of phishing and scam links. It is designed for use with Discord bots, allowing them to utilise the Phisherman API to cross-check URLs against the Phisherman database.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[Phisherman Website](https://phisherman.gg/)   <br/>
[PhishermanDocs](https://docs.phisherman.gg/)

Commit message:

Phishing: add The Vaccinator, some misc edits.
The Vaccinator:
- Not phishing related, but seems best fit for this page anyway.
- Added a "Note" section because it seemed important to have a disclaimer about that.

Misc changes:
- Renamed "Phish Sinking Yachts" link to "SinkingYachts".
- Renamed "Phish.Surf" link to "Hyperphish".
- Changed Hyperphish link to direct to docs instead of /gimme-domains endpoint.

wiki/resources/tools/phishing.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Phishing Related

### **Discord Nitro Scams**
> __Description:__ This **safe and secure** website (*not a scam*) compares real Discord Nitro gifts to scams. Beware!   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Nitro Information](https://dicsord.gq/)

### **Virus Total**
> __Description:__ Virus Total analyses suspicious files and URLs to detect types of malware.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Virus Total](https://www.virustotal.com/gui/home/upload)

### **CleanURLs**
> __Description:__ ClearURLs is an add-on based on the new WebExtensions technology and will automatically remove tracking elements from URLs to help protect your privacy.  <br/>
__Link(s):__  <br/>
[CleanUrls](https://github.com/ClearURLs/Addon)  <br/>
[CleanUrls Docs](https://docs.clearurls.xyz/latest/)  <br/>
__Credit:__ @github:KevinRoebert


### **Gits of Scam Links**
> __Description:__ GitHub repositories full of scam links.   <br/>
__Link(s):__  
[Block List Project](https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/)   <br/>
[malvertising](https://github.com/D09r/malvertising/blob/master/scam-domains.csv)   <br/>
[ZeroTwo Bot List](https://github.com/ZeroTwo-Bot/anti-fish-lists/)   <br/>
[Jagrosh's List](https://github.com/jagrosh/Vortex/tree/master/lists)   <br/>
[Pihole Blocklist](https://github.com/mhhakim/pihole-blocklist/)   <br/>
[Elkbr's List](https://github.com/elbkr/bad-websites)  <br/>
[WalshyDev's List](https://github.com/WalshyDev/Discord-bad-domains/blob/main/bad-domains.json)

### **Database full of malicious links**
> __Description:__ Self explanatory. 🔢   <br/>
__Link:__ [Malicious Links Database](https://urlhaus.abuse.ch/browse/)

### **Phishing Recognizing Tools**
> __Description:__ Many tools to help you recognize phishing and compromised sites.  <br/>
__Link(s):__ <br/>
[Google Safety Checker](https://transparencyreport.google.com/safe-browsing/search)  <br/>
[AbuseIPDB](https://www.abuseipdb.com/)  <br/>
[BrightCloud URL Lookup](https://www.brightcloud.com/tools/url-ip-lookup.php)  <br/>
[Is It Hacked](https://www.isithacked.com/)  <br/>
[isitPhishing](https://isitphishing.org/) <br/>
[URL Void](https://www.urlvoid.com/)  <br/>
[IP Void](https://www.ipvoid.com/)  <br/>
[Sucuri Web Page Security Check](https://unmask.sucuri.net/security-report/)  <br/>
[URL Scan](https://urlscan.io/)  <br/>
[ThreatMiner](https://www.threatminer.org/)  <br/>
[McAfee URL Checker](https://www.trustedsource.org/)  <br/>
[IP Logger URL Checker](https://iplogger.com/url-checker)

### Phishing APIs 
> __Description:__ These are APIs and tools to handle phishing attempts.   <br/>
__Link(s):__ <br/>
[Got Phish](http://gotphish.com/)   <br/>
[Hyperphish](https://api.hyperphish.com/docs) (credit: @297045071457681409)   <br/>
[Phish Report](https://phish.report/)   <br/>
[SinkingYachts](https://phish.sinking.yachts/docs) (credit: @204414611578028034)  <br/>
[Anti - Fish API](https://anti-fish.bitflow.dev/) (credit: @218508002255306752)   <br/>
[Spoopy Detector](https://spoopy.oceanlord.me/) (credit: @240973228632178689)   <br/>
[Phish Tank](https://phishtank.org/)   <br/>
[Blacklisted Domains](https://api.hyperphish.com/gimme-domains) <br/>
[Malware & URL Scanner](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/malware-url-scanner/ianpniapgjchiheejeipopldaanbjicd) <br/>
[ipqualityscore](https://www.ipqualityscore.com/threat-feeds/malicious-url-scanner)  <br/>
[Azrael Phish API](https://phish.azrael.gg/) (credit: @641795527444529152)

### **Phisherman** 
> __Description:__   <br/>
Phisherman is a centralized database of phishing and scam links. It is designed for use with Discord bots, allowing them to utilise the Phisherman API to cross-check URLs against the Phisherman database.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[Phisherman Website](https://phisherman.gg/)   <br/>
[PhishermanDocs](https://docs.phisherman.gg/)

### **The Vaccinator**
> __Description:__ A tool for detecting and neutralizing Discord token stealers by deleting their internal Discord webhook. <br/>
__Note:__ This tool is **not** an antivirus. It's just a utility that can help prevent scammers from getting other people's data. <br/>
__Link:__ [Website](https://sketchy.tel/)  <br/>
__Credit:__ The Vaccinator Team (contact: @204414611578028034)
