wiki/resources/tools/programming.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Programming Related

### **Autocode**
> __Description:__ Autocode turns JavaScript (Node.js) functions into scalable web services in an instant, no configuration required.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Autocode](https://autocode.com/)

### **Choose A License**
> __Description:__ Choose a license for your open source project.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Choose A License](https://choosealicense.com/)

### **Docker**
> __Description:__ Simplifies development processes.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

### **Docusaurus**
> __Description:__ An optimized site generator in React. Docusaurus helps you to move fast and write content.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/)

### **GitHub’s Guides and Documentation**
> __Description:__ Self explanatory.   <br/>
__Link(s):__ 
[Docs](https://docs.github.com/en)   <br/>
[Guides](https://guides.github.com/)   <br/>
[Community Help](https://github.community/)

### **HTTPS Statuses**
> __Description:__ A list of HTTPS status codes.   <br/>
__Link:__ [HTTPS Statuses](https://httpstatuses.com/)

### **Markdown Guide**
> __Description:__ The Markdown Guide is a free and open-source reference guide that explains how to use Markdown, the simple and easy-to-use markup language you can use to format virtually any document.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/)

### **Qwerty.dev**
> __Description:__ Qwerty.dev (formerly beautifuldingbats.com) is a collection of unicode tools to help you stand out online.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Qwerty.dev](https://qwerty.dev/)

### **replit**
> __Description:__ An in-browser IDE, compiler, and interpreter supporting 50+ languages.   <br/>
__Link:__ [replit](https://replit.com/)

### **Regex101**
> __Description:__ Build, test, and debug regex.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Regex101](https://regex101.com/)

### **RegExp Generator**
> __Description:__ Unicode range RegExp generator.   <br/>
__Link:__ [RegExp Generator](https://apps.timwhitlock.info/js/regex#)

### **Regex Crossword**
> __Description:__ Learn regex through puzzles and challenges.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Regex Crossword](https://regexcrossword.com/)

Commit message:

✅ Added the Public APIs repository.

wiki/resources/tools/programming.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Programming Related

### **Autocode**
> __Description:__ Autocode turns JavaScript (Node.js) functions into scalable web services in an instant, no configuration required.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Autocode](https://autocode.com/)

### **Choose A License**
> __Description:__ Choose a license for your open source project.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Choose A License](https://choosealicense.com/)

### **Docker**
> __Description:__ Simplifies development processes.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

### **Docusaurus**
> __Description:__ An optimized site generator in React. Docusaurus helps you to move fast and write content.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/)

### **GitHub’s Guides and Documentation**
> __Description:__ Self explanatory.   <br/>
__Link(s):__ 
[Docs](https://docs.github.com/en)   <br/>
[Guides](https://guides.github.com/)   <br/>
[Community Help](https://github.community/)

### **HTTPS Statuses**
> __Description:__ A list of HTTPS status codes.   <br/>
__Link:__ [HTTPS Statuses](https://httpstatuses.com/)

### **Markdown Guide**
> __Description:__ The Markdown Guide is a free and open-source reference guide that explains how to use Markdown, the simple and easy-to-use markup language you can use to format virtually any document.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/)

### **Public APIs**
> __Description:__ Public APIs is a well maintained list of APIs to use in your projects, each API is categorized and documented.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Public APIs](https://github.com/public-apis/public-apis)

### **Qwerty.dev**
> __Description:__ Qwerty.dev (formerly beautifuldingbats.com) is a collection of unicode tools to help you stand out online.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Qwerty.dev](https://qwerty.dev/)

### **replit**
> __Description:__ An in-browser IDE, compiler, and interpreter supporting 50+ languages.   <br/>
__Link:__ [replit](https://replit.com/)

### **Regex101**
> __Description:__ Build, test, and debug regex.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Regex101](https://regex101.com/)

### **RegExp Generator**
> __Description:__ Unicode range RegExp generator.   <br/>
__Link:__ [RegExp Generator](https://apps.timwhitlock.info/js/regex#)

### **Regex Crossword**
> __Description:__ Learn regex through puzzles and challenges.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Regex Crossword](https://regexcrossword.com/)
