i18n/hu/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/resources/tools/other.md, before:

---
title: Other
sidebar_position: 3
description: Other useful tools
---

# Other

## Blank Characters

> **Description:** A list of blank Unicode characters. <br/>
**Link:** [Blank Charcaters](https://character.construction/blanks)

## Bitwarden

> **Description:** Open source password manager.   <br/>
**Link:** [Bitwarden](https://bitwarden.com/)

## Blobs

> **Description:** A server list of blob emojis. <br/>
**Link:** [Blobs](https://blobs.gg/) <br/>
**Credit:** @69198249432449024

## CitizenLab

> **Description:** URL testing lists intended to help in testing URL censorship, divided by country codes.   <br/>
**Link:** [CitizenLab](https://github.com/citizenlab/test-lists)

## Polywork

> **Description:** Polywork is a professional social network that lets users create a free personal webpage, share what're they're up to both personally and professionally and send collaboration requests to others.  <br/>
**Link:** [Polywork](https://www.polywork.com/)

## Rize

> **Description:** Rize is an intelligent time tracker that improves your focus and helps you build better work habits. <br/>
**Link:** [Rize](https://rize.io)

## Files

> **Description:** File manager for Windows, focused on design.  <br/>
**Link:** [Files](https://files.community/)

## One Commander

> **Description:** File manager for Windows, focused on productivity.  <br/>
**Link:** [One Commander](https://www.onecommander.com/)

## Carrd

> **Description:** Build one-page websites.   <br/>
**Link:** [Carrd](https://carrd.co/)

## Down for Everyone or Just Me

> **Description:** A site that checks if a domain is up.   <br/>
**Link:** [Down for Everyone or Just Me](https://downforeveryoneorjustme.com/)

## KeyCDN Tools

> **Description:** Many tools related to web, networking and security checkings.  <br/>
**Link:** [KeyCDN Tools](https://tools.keycdn.com/)

## Dehashed

> **Description:** Tool to find data breaches that contain username, email, ip, address, phone, vin, etc.  <br/>
**Link:** [Dehashed](https://dehashed.com)

## Terms Of Service ; Didn't Read

> **Description:** Summarized terms of service for all known companies.  <br/>
**Link:** [Terms Of Service ; Didn't Read](https://tosdr.org/)

## TimezoneWizard

> **Description:** Easy to use tool for finding timezones all across the globe.  <br/>
**Link:** [TimezoneWizard](https://timezonewizard.com/)

## C.O.A.C.H

> **Description:** Tidying up your online security, step by step.   <br/>
**Link:** [C.O.A.C.H](http://www.crashoverridenetwork.com/coach.html)

## Empty Characters

> **Description:** List and methods to Unicode empty characters.   <br/>
**Link:** [Empty Characters](https://emptycharacter.com)

## Awesome

> **Description:** Collection of lists about various topics.   <br/>
**Link:** [Awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)  <br/>
**Credit:** @github:sindresorhus

## Internet Slang

> **Description:** A list of slang used across the internet.   <br/>
**Link:** [Internet Slang](https://www.ruf.rice.edu/~kemmer/Words04/usage/slang_internet.html)

## Invited

> **Description:** Watch movies, YouTube or even listen to music together through a shared virtual browser.   <br/>
**Link:** [Invited](https://invited.tv/)

## Obsidian

> **Description:** An advanced note-taking app.  <br/>
**Link:** [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)

## Trello

> **Description:** Manage collaborative projects easily.  <br/>
**Link:** [Trello](https://trello.com/)

## Notion

> **Description:** A product for creating workflows and websites, fully customizable for your needs.   <br/>
**Link:** [Notion](https://www.notion.so/)

## Tina

> **Description:** Open-source content management tool.  <br/>
**Link:** [Tina](https://tina.io/)

## Nord Theme

> **Description:** An arctic-inspired color palette and theme collection for various sites and applications.   <br/>
**Link:** [Nord Theme](https://www.nordtheme.com/)

## Pronoun Island

> **Description:** A website for personal pronoun usage examples.   <br/>
**Link:** [Pronoun Island](https://pronoun.is/)

## PronounDB

> **Description:** Pronouns intergration for websites and apps.  <br/>
**Link:** [ProunounDB](https://pronoundb.org/)  <br/>
**Credit:** @94762492923748352

## Pronouns.page

> **Description:** Information about nonbinary and gender neutral language.  <br/>
**Link:** [Pronouns.page](https://en.pronouns.page/)

## Flaticon

> **Description:** Free vector icons and stickers for your projects. Resources made by and for designers.   <br/>
**Link:** [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)

## Photopea

> **Description:** Free online image editor.   <br/>
**Link:** [Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/)

## Random Sites

> **Description:** Generates a small list of random website URLs.   <br/>
**Link:** [Random Sites](https://www.randomlists.com/websites)

## ShareX

> **Description:** Screen capture, file sharing and productivity tool.
**Link:** [ShareX](https://getsharex.com/)   <br/>
**Credit:** @95576568025329664

## pfp.lgbt

> **Description:** A tool to "LGBTQ+fy" your images.  <br/>
**Link:** [pfp.lgbt](https://pfp.lgbt/)  <br/>
**Credit:** @109710323094683648 @139836912335716352

## Statista

> **Description:** Statistics and business data platform for over 170 industries.   <br/>
**Link:** [Statista](https://statista.com)

## Semantic Scholar

> **Description:** Semantic Scholar uses AI to help you find scientific articles without suffering information overload. <br/>
**Link:** [Semantic Scholar](https://www.semanticscholar.org/)

## Simple Analytics

> **Description:** Simple, clean, and friendly analytics for sites.  <br/>
**Link:** [Simple Analytics](https://simpleanalytics.com/)

## Grafana

> **Description:** Query, visualize, alert on, and understand your data with aesthetic dashboards.  <br/>
**Link:** [Grafana](https://grafana.com/)

## The LaTeX Project

> **Description:** LaTeX is a document preparation system, useful for scientific or technical documents. <br/>
**Link:** [The LaTeX Project](https://latex-project.org) <br/>
**Credit:** @github:latex3

## Web Archives

> **Description:** Explore web pages saved over time.  <br/>
**Link:** <br/>  
[Web Archives](https://web.archive.org/)  <br/>
[Arvhive.is](https://archive.is/)

## AlternativeTo

> **Description:** AlternativeTo is a crowd-sourced website that seeks to find alternate software for various purposes. <br/>
**Link:** [AlternativeTo](https://alternativeto.net/)

## Internet Download Manager

> **Description:** Tool that makes downloading videos and files through the browser easy.  <br/>
**Link:** [Download Internet Download Manager](https://www.internetdownloadmanager.com/download.html)

## Whois Lookup

> **Description:** Lookup information about domains or IP addresses.  <br/>
**Link:** [Whois Lookup](https://whois.domaintools.com/)

## Status Page

> **Description:** Communicate real-time status to your members.   <br/>
**Link:** [Status Page](https://statuspage.io)

## Tone Indicators Website

> **Description:** Find and understand text tone indicators.   <br/>
**Link:** [Tone Indicators](https://toneindicators.carrd.co/)

## URL Scanner

> **Description:** Scans URLs and gives details about them.   <br/>
**Link:** [URL Scan](https://urlscan.io/)

## URL Expander

> **Description:** Expand short URLs.   <br/>
**Link:** [URL Expander](https://urlex.org/)

## Waifu2x

> **Description:** Image scaling and noise reduction for anime-style art.   <br/>
**Link:** [waifu2x](http://waifu2x.udp.jp/)

## True Size

> **Description:** A global map where you can drag and drop landmasses to see better comparisons of size. <br/>
**Link:** [True Size](https://thetruesize.com/)

## Visual Center

> **Description:** Find the visual center of your images.  <br/>
**Link:** [Visual Center](https://javier.xyz/visual-center/)  <br/>
**Credit:** @github:javierbyte

## Lightmode is Necessary

> **Description:** An article explaining why lightmode is an important to software. <br/>
**Link:** [Article](https://lightmode.glitch.me) <br/>

## ProtonMail

> **Description:** Open Source E2E encrypted Email Service. <br/>
**Link:** [ProtonMail](https://protonmail.com) <br/>

## dCode

> **Description:** dCode is a universal website used for encoding and decoding messages. Also offers a bunch of related tools.  <br/>
**Link:** [dCode Website](https://dcode.fr/en)  <br/>
**Credit:** @273906785788624907

## Computer Hope

> **Description:** Free computer help and support. <br/>
**Link:** [ComputerHope](https://www.computerhope.com/) <br/>

## Skill Icons

> **Description:** Showcase languages, frameworks and tools used on a GitHub profile. <br/>
**Link:** [Skill Icons](https://skillicons.dev/) <br/>
**Credit:** @276544649148235776

## Savefrom

> **Description:** Download any content from popular sites.  <br/>
**Link:** [Savefrom](https://savefrom.net/)

## Tixte

> **Description:** Tixte is a content sharing platform that makes it easy to share files with anyone through personalized links and pages.  <br/>
**Link:** [Tixte](https://tixte.com/)
**Credit:** @684155404078415890

Commit message:

Update CleanURLs position
Moved from Phishing to Other

i18n/hu/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/resources/tools/other.md, after:

---
title: Other
sidebar_position: 3
description: Other useful tools
---

# Other

## CleanURLs

> **Description:** ClearURLs is an add-on based on the new WebExtensions technology and will automatically remove tracking elements from URLs to help protect your privacy.  <br/>
**Link(s):**  <br/>
[CleanUrls](https://github.com/ClearURLs/Addon)  <br/>
[CleanUrls Docs](https://docs.clearurls.xyz/latest/)  <br/>
**Credit:** @github:KevinRoebert


## Blank Characters

> **Description:** A list of blank Unicode characters. <br/>
**Link:** [Blank Charcaters](https://character.construction/blanks)

## Bitwarden

> **Description:** Open source password manager.   <br/>
**Link:** [Bitwarden](https://bitwarden.com/)

## Blobs

> **Description:** A server list of blob emojis. <br/>
**Link:** [Blobs](https://blobs.gg/) <br/>
**Credit:** @69198249432449024

## CitizenLab

> **Description:** URL testing lists intended to help in testing URL censorship, divided by country codes.   <br/>
**Link:** [CitizenLab](https://github.com/citizenlab/test-lists)

## Polywork

> **Description:** Polywork is a professional social network that lets users create a free personal webpage, share what're they're up to both personally and professionally and send collaboration requests to others.  <br/>
**Link:** [Polywork](https://www.polywork.com/)

## Rize

> **Description:** Rize is an intelligent time tracker that improves your focus and helps you build better work habits. <br/>
**Link:** [Rize](https://rize.io)

## Files

> **Description:** File manager for Windows, focused on design.  <br/>
**Link:** [Files](https://files.community/)

## One Commander

> **Description:** File manager for Windows, focused on productivity.  <br/>
**Link:** [One Commander](https://www.onecommander.com/)

## Carrd

> **Description:** Build one-page websites.   <br/>
**Link:** [Carrd](https://carrd.co/)

## Down for Everyone or Just Me

> **Description:** A site that checks if a domain is up.   <br/>
**Link:** [Down for Everyone or Just Me](https://downforeveryoneorjustme.com/)

## KeyCDN Tools

> **Description:** Many tools related to web, networking and security checkings.  <br/>
**Link:** [KeyCDN Tools](https://tools.keycdn.com/)

## Dehashed

> **Description:** Tool to find data breaches that contain username, email, ip, address, phone, vin, etc.  <br/>
**Link:** [Dehashed](https://dehashed.com)

## Terms Of Service ; Didn't Read

> **Description:** Summarized terms of service for all known companies.  <br/>
**Link:** [Terms Of Service ; Didn't Read](https://tosdr.org/)

## TimezoneWizard

> **Description:** Easy to use tool for finding timezones all across the globe.  <br/>
**Link:** [TimezoneWizard](https://timezonewizard.com/)

## C.O.A.C.H

> **Description:** Tidying up your online security, step by step.   <br/>
**Link:** [C.O.A.C.H](http://www.crashoverridenetwork.com/coach.html)

## Empty Characters

> **Description:** List and methods to Unicode empty characters.   <br/>
**Link:** [Empty Characters](https://emptycharacter.com)

## Awesome

> **Description:** Collection of lists about various topics.   <br/>
**Link:** [Awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)  <br/>
**Credit:** @github:sindresorhus

## Internet Slang

> **Description:** A list of slang used across the internet.   <br/>
**Link:** [Internet Slang](https://www.ruf.rice.edu/~kemmer/Words04/usage/slang_internet.html)

## Invited

> **Description:** Watch movies, YouTube or even listen to music together through a shared virtual browser.   <br/>
**Link:** [Invited](https://invited.tv/)

## Obsidian

> **Description:** An advanced note-taking app.  <br/>
**Link:** [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)

## Trello

> **Description:** Manage collaborative projects easily.  <br/>
**Link:** [Trello](https://trello.com/)

## Notion

> **Description:** A product for creating workflows and websites, fully customizable for your needs.   <br/>
**Link:** [Notion](https://www.notion.so/)

## Tina

> **Description:** Open-source content management tool.  <br/>
**Link:** [Tina](https://tina.io/)

## Nord Theme

> **Description:** An arctic-inspired color palette and theme collection for various sites and applications.   <br/>
**Link:** [Nord Theme](https://www.nordtheme.com/)

## Pronoun Island

> **Description:** A website for personal pronoun usage examples.   <br/>
**Link:** [Pronoun Island](https://pronoun.is/)

## PronounDB

> **Description:** Pronouns intergration for websites and apps.  <br/>
**Link:** [ProunounDB](https://pronoundb.org/)  <br/>
**Credit:** @94762492923748352

## Pronouns.page

> **Description:** Information about nonbinary and gender neutral language.  <br/>
**Link:** [Pronouns.page](https://en.pronouns.page/)

## Flaticon

> **Description:** Free vector icons and stickers for your projects. Resources made by and for designers.   <br/>
**Link:** [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)

## Photopea

> **Description:** Free online image editor.   <br/>
**Link:** [Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/)

## Random Sites

> **Description:** Generates a small list of random website URLs.   <br/>
**Link:** [Random Sites](https://www.randomlists.com/websites)

## ShareX

> **Description:** Screen capture, file sharing and productivity tool.
**Link:** [ShareX](https://getsharex.com/)   <br/>
**Credit:** @95576568025329664

## pfp.lgbt

> **Description:** A tool to "LGBTQ+fy" your images.  <br/>
**Link:** [pfp.lgbt](https://pfp.lgbt/)  <br/>
**Credit:** @109710323094683648 @139836912335716352

## Statista

> **Description:** Statistics and business data platform for over 170 industries.   <br/>
**Link:** [Statista](https://statista.com)

## Semantic Scholar

> **Description:** Semantic Scholar uses AI to help you find scientific articles without suffering information overload. <br/>
**Link:** [Semantic Scholar](https://www.semanticscholar.org/)

## Simple Analytics

> **Description:** Simple, clean, and friendly analytics for sites.  <br/>
**Link:** [Simple Analytics](https://simpleanalytics.com/)

## Grafana

> **Description:** Query, visualize, alert on, and understand your data with aesthetic dashboards.  <br/>
**Link:** [Grafana](https://grafana.com/)

## The LaTeX Project

> **Description:** LaTeX is a document preparation system, useful for scientific or technical documents. <br/>
**Link:** [The LaTeX Project](https://latex-project.org) <br/>
**Credit:** @github:latex3

## Web Archives

> **Description:** Explore web pages saved over time.  <br/>
**Link:** <br/>  
[Web Archives](https://web.archive.org/)  <br/>
[Arvhive.is](https://archive.is/)

## AlternativeTo

> **Description:** AlternativeTo is a crowd-sourced website that seeks to find alternate software for various purposes. <br/>
**Link:** [AlternativeTo](https://alternativeto.net/)

## Internet Download Manager

> **Description:** Tool that makes downloading videos and files through the browser easy.  <br/>
**Link:** [Download Internet Download Manager](https://www.internetdownloadmanager.com/download.html)

## Whois Lookup

> **Description:** Lookup information about domains or IP addresses.  <br/>
**Link:** [Whois Lookup](https://whois.domaintools.com/)

## Status Page

> **Description:** Communicate real-time status to your members.   <br/>
**Link:** [Status Page](https://statuspage.io)

## Tone Indicators Website

> **Description:** Find and understand text tone indicators.   <br/>
**Link:** [Tone Indicators](https://toneindicators.carrd.co/)

## URL Scanner

> **Description:** Scans URLs and gives details about them.   <br/>
**Link:** [URL Scan](https://urlscan.io/)

## URL Expander

> **Description:** Expand short URLs.   <br/>
**Link:** [URL Expander](https://urlex.org/)

## Waifu2x

> **Description:** Image scaling and noise reduction for anime-style art.   <br/>
**Link:** [waifu2x](http://waifu2x.udp.jp/)

## True Size

> **Description:** A global map where you can drag and drop landmasses to see better comparisons of size. <br/>
**Link:** [True Size](https://thetruesize.com/)

## Visual Center

> **Description:** Find the visual center of your images.  <br/>
**Link:** [Visual Center](https://javier.xyz/visual-center/)  <br/>
**Credit:** @github:javierbyte

## Lightmode is Necessary

> **Description:** An article explaining why lightmode is an important to software. <br/>
**Link:** [Article](https://lightmode.glitch.me) <br/>

## ProtonMail

> **Description:** Open Source E2E encrypted Email Service. <br/>
**Link:** [ProtonMail](https://protonmail.com) <br/>

## dCode

> **Description:** dCode is a universal website used for encoding and decoding messages. Also offers a bunch of related tools.  <br/>
**Link:** [dCode Website](https://dcode.fr/en)  <br/>
**Credit:** @273906785788624907

## Computer Hope

> **Description:** Free computer help and support. <br/>
**Link:** [ComputerHope](https://www.computerhope.com/) <br/>

## Skill Icons

> **Description:** Showcase languages, frameworks and tools used on a GitHub profile. <br/>
**Link:** [Skill Icons](https://skillicons.dev/) <br/>
**Credit:** @276544649148235776

## Savefrom

> **Description:** Download any content from popular sites.  <br/>
**Link:** [Savefrom](https://savefrom.net/)

## Tixte

> **Description:** Tixte is a content sharing platform that makes it easy to share files with anyone through personalized links and pages.  <br/>
**Link:** [Tixte](https://tixte.com/)
**Credit:** @684155404078415890
