wiki/about.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
---

# About

## So what is this thing?

For a while now I (Rydix#1726) have been looking for a good resources list that will have everything I, and every discord user needs. 
From basic pages to advanced utilities, a list that all discord users, from beginners to proficient, will find useful.
*But I couldn’t find one.* <br/>
So I poked some friends who know their ways around discord, and together we created this amazing **Discord Resources GitHub Wiki**! _(wew that is a long name)_. <br/>
This project you see here took months of research and organization to become what it is today, and we really hope you’d find it useful.  
You can see all the different topics we covered in this project below, as well as a contribution section with credits to project contributors and information if you’d like to contribute yourself. 
**Fun reading!**

## Disclaimer 
We don’t own anything in this GitHub repo. All credits to creators are listed at the “credits” section of each link. <br/>
If we didn't find the owner in either Discord or GitHub, there will be no credits. **Please send a message to Rydix#1726 if you deserve credit.** <br/>
Official links are credited to discord. <br/>
We are not affiliated with Discord in any way.

## Personal Note
While we don't own anything in this Wiki, we would really appreciate it you could credit us if you use this resources list anywhere! <br/>
We worked really hard on links research, organization & distribution, so any repost of this wiki to others means the world to us. <br/>
With you sharing this resources wiki, you are helping us and tons of others, so thank you! 

## Contributors 
This project took more than one set of hands, and we are proud to have this team of contributors who helped us with this project! <br/>
We want to thank: <br/>
**DEX#0001** (347727875266576395) - Wiki Architect <br/>
**Dei#2411** (391660873409888277) - Wiki fixer <br/>
**DyDestroyer#1027** (363481883369013259) - Documentation Organizer<br/>
**Ethan Modderton, Jr. Esq.#3333** (337104786593939456) - Documentation Organizer<br/>
**odin#0110** (378537973215657984) - Documentation Organizer <br/>
**Graphic/Aphriu#3737** (287711497118023692) - Resources Researcher / Documentation Organizer <br/>
**rjt#2336** (192060404501839872) - Designer <br/>
**Merlin#1337** (386861188891279362) - Website Architect / Documentation Organizer <br/>
**Rydix#1726** (755792681313108018) - *I had this idea and did all of the above* 

## Contribution
Found an error or a typo? Have a good resource that fits this list? Become a contributor on be on the glorious list of contributors above! <br/>
To contribute, you are more than welcome to PR this wiki or send a DM to Rydix#1726 (755792681313108018) in order to edit the wiki, and yourself into the list.
You can also join the [Official Project Guild](https://discord.gg/yxbqz9pNxS) to contribute there.

Commit message:

Added a section about running the wiki at home

wiki/about.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
---

# About

## So what is this thing?

For a while now I (Rydix#1726) have been looking for a good resources list that will have everything I, and every discord user needs. 
From basic pages to advanced utilities, a list that all discord users, from beginners to proficient, will find useful.
*But I couldn’t find one.* <br/>
So I poked some friends who know their ways around discord, and together we created this amazing **Discord Resources GitHub Wiki**! _(wew that is a long name)_. <br/>
This project you see here took months of research and organization to become what it is today, and we really hope you’d find it useful.  
You can see all the different topics we covered in this project below, as well as a contribution section with credits to project contributors and information if you’d like to contribute yourself. 
**Fun reading!**

## Disclaimer 
We don’t own anything in this GitHub repo. All credits to creators are listed at the “credits” section of each link. <br/>
If we didn't find the owner in either Discord or GitHub, there will be no credits. **Please send a message to Rydix#1726 if you deserve credit.** <br/>
Official links are credited to discord. <br/>
We are not affiliated with Discord in any way.

## Personal Note
While we don't own anything in this Wiki, we would really appreciate it you could credit us if you use this resources list anywhere! <br/>
We worked really hard on links research, organization & distribution, so any repost of this wiki to others means the world to us. <br/>
With you sharing this resources wiki, you are helping us and tons of others, so thank you! 

## Contributors 
This project took more than one set of hands, and we are proud to have this team of contributors who helped us with this project! <br/>
We want to thank: <br/>
**DEX#0001** (347727875266576395) - Wiki Architect <br/>
**Dei#2411** (391660873409888277) - Wiki fixer <br/>
**DyDestroyer#1027** (363481883369013259) - Documentation Organizer<br/>
**Ethan Modderton, Jr. Esq.#3333** (337104786593939456) - Documentation Organizer<br/>
**odin#0110** (378537973215657984) - Documentation Organizer <br/>
**Graphic/Aphriu#3737** (287711497118023692) - Resources Researcher / Documentation Organizer <br/>
**rjt#2336** (192060404501839872) - Designer <br/>
**Merlin#1337** (386861188891279362) - Website Architect / Documentation Organizer <br/>
**Rydix#1726** (755792681313108018) - *I had this idea and did all of the above* 

## Contribution
Found an error or a typo? Have a good resource that fits this list? Become a contributor and be on the glorious list of contributors above! <br/>
To contribute, you are more than welcome to PR this wiki or send a DM to Rydix#1726 (755792681313108018) in order to edit the wiki, and yourself into the list.
You can also join the [Official Project Guild](https://discord.gg/yxbqz9pNxS) to contribute there.

## How to test changes locally
Got a great PR going but don't know what it looks like? Not a problem! <br/>
If you're in a fork of the repository it's as easy as running these 2 commands:
```
npm install
```
This downloads all the repositories needed by our documentation system (Docusaurus). You only need to run this once.
```
npm start
```
This command starts the web server (``localhost:3000`` by default) and must be ran every time you want to start editing. 
It does not need to be ran for every change you make however, as Docusaurus will automatically restart the server if it detects changes!

Once you've got a running instance of the website locally, you're ready to start contributing! 
Notes: Please use ``<br/>`` for line break characters<br/>
Requires Node.js version >= ``12.13.0`` 
If you are using Yarn: Yarn version >= ``1.5``
