wiki/resources/bots/best.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Best Discord Bots
## **Moderation**
### **Zeppelin**
> __Description:__ Zeppelin is a private moderation bot for Discord, designed with large servers and reliability in mind.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[Zeppelin Website](https://zeppelin.gg/)   <br/>
[Github](https://github.com/Dragory/ZeppelinBot)   <br/>
[Compendium](https://github.com/dexbiobot/Zeppelin#zep-by-dex)   <br/>
[Setup Tool](https://setup-tool.zeppelin.gg)   <br/>
[Handbook](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQTFZW4NiJicngfAv36tLlWG5XjktVyZhljekOkzUyzsktwcNCH_Zm82Dm3r1c7S7vKOArJ6XIO5azC/pub?start=true&loop=false&delayms=60000&slide=id.gc6f9e470d_0_0)   <br/>
__Credit(s):__ Dragory#0001 (106391128718245888) | DEX#0001 (347727875266576395) 

### **GiselleBot**
> __Description:__ Multi function, general moderation bot.   <br/>
__Link:__ [GiselleBot](https://docs.gisellebot.com/)   <br/>
__Credit(s):__  cycloptux#1543 (220081163660689408) | NaviKing#3820 (200987752794292224)

### **Vortex**
> __Description:__  
Vortex is a bot designed to keep your server safe and your staff team organized. Its moderation and logging suite keep track of your members and keep your moderators accountable. Its auto-moderator capabilities also allow it to filter out certain types of behaviour without the need for human intervention, lightening the load on the staff team. Finally, Vortex is designed to be fast and easy to use.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Vortex](https://github.com/jagrosh/Vortex)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Jagrosh#4824 (113156185389092864)

### **GearBot**
> __Description:__ Trustworthy general moderation bot.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[GearBot Website](https://gearbot.rocks/)   <br/>
[Invite GearBot](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=349977940198555660&scope=bot%20applications.commands&permissions=259191598326)   <br/>
__Credit:__ AEnterprise#4693 (106354106196570112)


### **Fire**
> __Description:__ A good moderation and utility bot which is always up-to-date.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[Fire Website](https://fire.gaminggeek.dev/)   <br/>
[Invite Fire](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=444871677176709141&permissions=125563170039&scope=bot%20applications.commands)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Geek#8405 (287698408855044097)

### **AutoModerator** 
> __Description:__ General auto-moderation bot, with buttons and dropdowns abilities.   <br/>
__Link:__ [AutoModerator Website](https://automoderator.app/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ didinele#0001 (223703707118731264)

### **Beemo**
> __Description:__ Beemo is an antispam Discord bot that allows you to equip your server with a powerful anti-bot algorithm that operates in the background to stop user-bot raids against your server. Beemo's anti-bot mitigates bot raid threats automatically and effectively by mass-banning them on-sight with a fine-tuned detection algorithm that avoids real users.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Website](https://beemo.gg/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Ayu#0001 (192048286331437056)

### **Beemo Helper (addition)**
> __Description:__ Beemo Helper is designed to help Beemo (https://beemo.gg/) deal with user bot raids. Once Beemo detects a raid, Beemo Helper will start banning users from Beemo Logs from the bottom up, effectively doubling the speed of bans.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[Invite](https://redirects.polar.blue/beemohelper)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Polar#6880 (619284841187246090)

### **Red Bot**
> __Description:__ Red is a fully modular bot – meaning all features and commands can be enabled/disabled to your liking, making it completely customizable. This is a self-hosted bot – meaning you will need to host and maintain your own instance. You can turn Red into an admin bot, music bot, trivia bot, and more!   <br/>
__Link:__ [Red Bot](https://github.com/Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot) 


### **Crosslink**
> __Description:__ Crosslink is a smart link detection and reputation service built to make link filtering convenient for moderators and community managers. With convenience at the forefront, configuration on Discord is made to be as simple as possible for the end user. Our reputation system takes third parties into account as well as our own local domain database to keep your community safe! 
__Link(s):__ 
[Website](https://panleyent.com/crosslink/)   <br/>
[Invite CrossLink](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=742711687777484871&permissions=103348038854&scope=bot%20applications.commands)   <br/>
[Full Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xWTpTDQo0Asx9eaI1M0Y5JB4cGRVBPUOQH2cIPQg7C8/edit)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Panley#8008 (249287049482338305)


### **Safelink** 
> __Description:__ A bot that can detect a variety of scam (nitro scams, steam scams, and many others), explicit links, and more with a custom internal API that uses AI to constantly improve detection.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Safelink](https://safelink.gg/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ kaj#0001 (282565295351136256) | Cole#8888 (684155404078415890)


### **Fish**
> __Description:__ Fish is a bot made for auto-moderating phishing scam links. It has a few configuration options, like what action to take when a user posts a known scam link and the ability to exempt users/roles from link detection.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[Github](https://github.com/Benricheson101/anti-phishing-bot)   <br/>
[Invite Fish](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=892420397570592768&scope=bot%20applications.commands&permissions=268446726)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Ben!#0002 (255834596766253057)

## **ModMail**

### **Dragory's ModMail** (self-host)
> __Description:__ Modmail Bot is a bot for Discord that allows users to DM the bot to contact the server's moderators/staff without messaging them individually or pinging them publicly on the server. These DMs get relayed to ModMail threads, channels where staff members can reply to and talk with the user. To the user, the entire process happens in DMs with the bot.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[GitHub](https://github.com/Dragory/modmailbot)   <br/>
[Config Template](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YGsc0fTAgCXnV4zksDg4iUBsx_7alAYZZt6ojq3Rc10/edit#gid=0)   <br/>
__Credit(s):__  Dragory#0001 (106391128718245888) | NaviKing#3820 (200987752794292224)

### **Kyb3r's Modmail** (self-host)
> __Description:__ Modmail is similar to Reddit's ModMail, both in functionality and purpose. It serves as a shared inbox for server staff to communicate with their users in a seamless way.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Kyb3r’s Modmail](https://github.com/kyb3r/modmail)   <br/>
__Credit:__ [Kyb3r](https://github.com/kyb3r)

### **Support Bot** (self-host)
> __Description:__ A simple and lightweight Discord support/automated help desk!   <br/>
__Link:__ [Support Bot](https://github.com/Gideon-foxo/support-bot)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Gideon#4325 (524371727812263948)

## **Utility Bots**
### **RTS Bot**
> __Description:__ Bot with mental health & wellness resources.   <br/>
__Link:__ [RTS Bot](http://rts.guardiansmh.org/bot)   <br/>
__Credit:__  Joe(GMH)#3906 (177886618714243073)

### **Publisher**
> __Description:__ auto publishes messages in announcements channels.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Invite Publisher](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=739498075315241050&permissions=8192&scope=bot)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Ben!#0002 (255834596766253057)

### **Activities Bot**
> __Description:__ Starts activities available for voice channels.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Invite Activities Bot](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=819778342818414632&scope=bot%20applications.commands)   <br/>
__Credit:__ advaith#9121 (190916650143318016)

### **Discord Status** (webhook)
> __Description:__ Provides updates from the status website as embeds within Discord.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Invite Discord Status](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=662416455366737949&redirect_uri=https://discord-status.red-panda.red/auth/callback&response_type=code&scope=webhook.incoming%20applications.commands)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Ben!#0002 (255834596766253057)

### **Datamining Updates**
> __Description:__ The bot publishes any authorized commits in [Discord Datamining](https://github.com/Discord-Datamining/Discord-Datamining).   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[GitHub](https://github.com/ItsRauf/dataminev2/#commands)   <br/>
[Invite Datamining Updates](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=507415798189654016&scope=bot&permissions=190464)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Rauf#3543 (172557961133162496)

### **Tone Indicator Bot**
> __Description:__ Find and understand tone indicators.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Invite Tone Indicator](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=896001578388033536&scope=applications.commands)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Teekeks#0001 (173815235243802624)
 
### **AMA (Ask Me Anything)**
> __Description:__ Assists with helping host and manage AMA's on Discord.   <br/>
__Link:__ [AMA Bot](https://automoderator.app/ama/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ didinele#0001 (223703707118731264)

### **WidgetBot**
> __Description:__ Create good looking widgets for your websites.  <br/>
__Link:__ [WidgetBot](https://widgetbot.io/)  <br/>
__Credit:__ [WidgetBot Team](https://github.com/widgetbot-io)

### **Tunes Ninja**
> __Description:__ When a song link is posted in chat, Tunes Ninja will send an embed with the song in all popular music platforms.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Tunes Ninja Website](https://tunes.ninja/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ jack_#0456 (657057112593268756)

Commit message:

added suggester and NSFW toggle

wiki/resources/bots/best.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Best Discord Bots
## **Moderation**
### **Zeppelin**
> __Description:__ Zeppelin is a private moderation bot for Discord, designed with large servers and reliability in mind.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[Zeppelin Website](https://zeppelin.gg/)   <br/>
[Github](https://github.com/Dragory/ZeppelinBot)   <br/>
[Compendium](https://github.com/dexbiobot/Zeppelin#zep-by-dex)   <br/>
[Setup Tool](https://setup-tool.zeppelin.gg)   <br/>
[Handbook](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQTFZW4NiJicngfAv36tLlWG5XjktVyZhljekOkzUyzsktwcNCH_Zm82Dm3r1c7S7vKOArJ6XIO5azC/pub?start=true&loop=false&delayms=60000&slide=id.gc6f9e470d_0_0)   <br/>
__Credit(s):__ Dragory#0001 (106391128718245888) | DEX#0001 (347727875266576395) 

### **GiselleBot**
> __Description:__ Multi function, general moderation bot.   <br/>
__Link:__ [GiselleBot](https://docs.gisellebot.com/)   <br/>
__Credit(s):__  cycloptux#1543 (220081163660689408) | NaviKing#3820 (200987752794292224)

### **Vortex**
> __Description:__  
Vortex is a bot designed to keep your server safe and your staff team organized. Its moderation and logging suite keep track of your members and keep your moderators accountable. Its auto-moderator capabilities also allow it to filter out certain types of behaviour without the need for human intervention, lightening the load on the staff team. Finally, Vortex is designed to be fast and easy to use.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Vortex](https://github.com/jagrosh/Vortex)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Jagrosh#4824 (113156185389092864)

### **GearBot**
> __Description:__ Trustworthy general moderation bot.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[GearBot Website](https://gearbot.rocks/)   <br/>
[Invite GearBot](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=349977940198555660&scope=bot%20applications.commands&permissions=259191598326)   <br/>
__Credit:__ AEnterprise#4693 (106354106196570112)


### **Fire**
> __Description:__ A good moderation and utility bot which is always up-to-date.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[Fire Website](https://fire.gaminggeek.dev/)   <br/>
[Invite Fire](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=444871677176709141&permissions=125563170039&scope=bot%20applications.commands)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Geek#8405 (287698408855044097)

### **AutoModerator** 
> __Description:__ General auto-moderation bot, with buttons and dropdowns abilities.   <br/>
__Link:__ [AutoModerator Website](https://automoderator.app/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ didinele#0001 (223703707118731264)

### **Beemo**
> __Description:__ Beemo is an antispam Discord bot that allows you to equip your server with a powerful anti-bot algorithm that operates in the background to stop user-bot raids against your server. Beemo's anti-bot mitigates bot raid threats automatically and effectively by mass-banning them on-sight with a fine-tuned detection algorithm that avoids real users.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Website](https://beemo.gg/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Ayu#0001 (192048286331437056)

### **Beemo Helper (addition)**
> __Description:__ Beemo Helper is designed to help Beemo (https://beemo.gg/) deal with user bot raids. Once Beemo detects a raid, Beemo Helper will start banning users from Beemo Logs from the bottom up, effectively doubling the speed of bans.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[Invite](https://redirects.polar.blue/beemohelper)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Polar#6880 (619284841187246090)

### **Red Bot**
> __Description:__ Red is a fully modular bot – meaning all features and commands can be enabled/disabled to your liking, making it completely customizable. This is a self-hosted bot – meaning you will need to host and maintain your own instance. You can turn Red into an admin bot, music bot, trivia bot, and more!   <br/>
__Link:__ [Red Bot](https://github.com/Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot) 


### **Crosslink**
> __Description:__ Crosslink is a smart link detection and reputation service built to make link filtering convenient for moderators and community managers. With convenience at the forefront, configuration on Discord is made to be as simple as possible for the end user. Our reputation system takes third parties into account as well as our own local domain database to keep your community safe! 
__Link(s):__ 
[Website](https://panleyent.com/crosslink/)   <br/>
[Invite CrossLink](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=742711687777484871&permissions=103348038854&scope=bot%20applications.commands)   <br/>
[Full Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xWTpTDQo0Asx9eaI1M0Y5JB4cGRVBPUOQH2cIPQg7C8/edit)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Panley#8008 (249287049482338305)


### **Safelink** 
> __Description:__ A bot that can detect a variety of scam (nitro scams, steam scams, and many others), explicit links, and more with a custom internal API that uses AI to constantly improve detection.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Safelink](https://safelink.gg/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ kaj#0001 (282565295351136256) | Cole#8888 (684155404078415890)


### **Fish**
> __Description:__ Fish is a bot made for auto-moderating phishing scam links. It has a few configuration options, like what action to take when a user posts a known scam link and the ability to exempt users/roles from link detection.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[Github](https://github.com/Benricheson101/anti-phishing-bot)   <br/>
[Invite Fish](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=892420397570592768&scope=bot%20applications.commands&permissions=268446726)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Ben!#0002 (255834596766253057)

## **ModMail**

### **Dragory's ModMail** (self-host)
> __Description:__ Modmail Bot is a bot for Discord that allows users to DM the bot to contact the server's moderators/staff without messaging them individually or pinging them publicly on the server. These DMs get relayed to ModMail threads, channels where staff members can reply to and talk with the user. To the user, the entire process happens in DMs with the bot.   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[GitHub](https://github.com/Dragory/modmailbot)   <br/>
[Config Template](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YGsc0fTAgCXnV4zksDg4iUBsx_7alAYZZt6ojq3Rc10/edit#gid=0)   <br/>
__Credit(s):__  Dragory#0001 (106391128718245888) | NaviKing#3820 (200987752794292224)

### **Kyb3r's Modmail** (self-host)
> __Description:__ Modmail is similar to Reddit's ModMail, both in functionality and purpose. It serves as a shared inbox for server staff to communicate with their users in a seamless way.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Kyb3r’s Modmail](https://github.com/kyb3r/modmail)   <br/>
__Credit:__ [Kyb3r](https://github.com/kyb3r)

### **Support Bot** (self-host)
> __Description:__ A simple and lightweight Discord support/automated help desk!   <br/>
__Link:__ [Support Bot](https://github.com/Gideon-foxo/support-bot)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Gideon#4325 (524371727812263948)

## **Utility Bots**
### **RTS Bot**
> __Description:__ Bot with mental health & wellness resources.   <br/>
__Link:__ [RTS Bot](http://rts.guardiansmh.org/bot)   <br/>
__Credit:__  Joe(GMH)#3906 (177886618714243073)

### **Publisher**
> __Description:__ auto publishes messages in announcements channels.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Invite Publisher](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=739498075315241050&permissions=8192&scope=bot)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Ben!#0002 (255834596766253057)

### **Activities Bot**
> __Description:__ Starts activities available for voice channels.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Invite Activities Bot](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=819778342818414632&scope=bot%20applications.commands)   <br/>
__Credit:__ advaith#9121 (190916650143318016)

### **Discord Status** (webhook)
> __Description:__ Provides updates from the status website as embeds within Discord.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Invite Discord Status](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=662416455366737949&redirect_uri=https://discord-status.red-panda.red/auth/callback&response_type=code&scope=webhook.incoming%20applications.commands)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Ben!#0002 (255834596766253057)

### **Datamining Updates**
> __Description:__ The bot publishes any authorized commits in [Discord Datamining](https://github.com/Discord-Datamining/Discord-Datamining).   <br/>
__Link(s):__   <br/>
[GitHub](https://github.com/ItsRauf/dataminev2/#commands)   <br/>
[Invite Datamining Updates](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=507415798189654016&scope=bot&permissions=190464)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Rauf#3543 (172557961133162496)

### **Tone Indicator Bot**
> __Description:__ Find and understand tone indicators.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Invite Tone Indicator](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=896001578388033536&scope=applications.commands)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Teekeks#0001 (173815235243802624)
 
### **AMA (Ask Me Anything)**
> __Description:__ Assists with helping host and manage AMA's on Discord.   <br/>
__Link:__ [AMA Bot](https://automoderator.app/ama/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ didinele#0001 (223703707118731264)

### **Suggester**
> __Description:__ Suggester is a suggestion-focused Discord bot whose main purpose is to allow server managers to receive feedback from their members.  <br/>
__Link(s):__ [Invite Suggester](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=564426594144354315&permissions=805694544&scope=bot%20applications.commands)  <br/>
[Suggester Docs](https://suggester.js.org/)  <br/>
__Credit:__ Brightness#0001 (327887845270487041)

### **NSFW-Toggle**
> __Description:__ Pushes the NSFW toggle. Useful for Mobile and especially iOS where it is not possible.  <br/>
__Link:__ [Invite NSFW-Toggle](https://red-panda.red/bots/nsfw-toggle/invite)  <br/>
__Credit:__ Ben!#0002 (255834596766253057)

### **WidgetBot**
> __Description:__ Create good looking widgets for your websites.  <br/>
__Link:__ [WidgetBot](https://widgetbot.io/)  <br/>
__Credit:__ [WidgetBot Team](https://github.com/widgetbot-io)

### **Tunes Ninja**
> __Description:__ When a song link is posted in chat, Tunes Ninja will send an embed with the song in all popular music platforms.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Tunes Ninja Website](https://tunes.ninja/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ jack_#0456 (657057112593268756)
