wiki/resources/fun-links.md, before:

---
title: Fun Links
sidebar_position: 12
description: Fun links
---

# Fun Links

https://tryitands.ee/ | Try and see video   <br/>
https://shutplea.se/ | Shut bird   <br/>
https://i-dont-ca.re/ | About docs   <br/>
https://just-read.it/ | Read the error smh   <br/>
https://when.lol/ | When did I ask   <br/>
https://getsharex.com/premium | Sharex premium   <br/>
https://nohello.com/ | Don't just say hello   <br/>
https://dtesters.glitch.me/pin | Check the pins smh   <br/>
https://dead-ch.at/ | No dead chat   <br/>
https://dontasktoask.com/ | dont ask to ask   <br/>
https://dtesters.glitch.me/dev | No dev client   <br/> 
https://annoying.name/ | annoying name   <br/>
https://ian-key.xyz/ | Which Ian was it???   <br/>
https://ian-my-beloved.xyz/ | Ian my beloved   <br/>
https://goldensun.club/ | Rickroll Cool forums   <br/>
https://willianevergetdevbadge.xyz/ | TLDR: NO :(   <br/>
https://tennineeightsevensixfivefourthreetwo.one/ | Counts down rickroll   <br/>
https://purpzie.monster/ | purpzie monster   <br/>
https://letterh.xyz/ | the letter h   <br/>
https://is-discord-dead.xyz/ | is discord dead   <br/>
https://chir.ag/projects/tip-of-my-tongue/ | tip my tongue   <br/>
https://wungus.guru/ | no wungus   <br/>
https://wungus.space/ | yes wungus   <br/>
https://bigrat.monster/ | big rat   <br/>
https://oooooooooooooo.ooo/ | oooooooo   <br/>
https://www.soundsjustlike.com/ | sounds just like   <br/>
https://www.whosampled.com/ | who sampled   <br/> 
[a very long URL](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/238376364967723008/522109766848217088/unknown.png?comment=According_to_all_known_laws_of_aviation_there_is_no_way_a_bee_should_be_able_to_fly_Its_wings_are_too_small_to_get_its_fat_little_body_off_the_ground_The_bee_of_course_flies_anyway_because_bees_dont_care_what_humans_think_is_impossible_Yellow_black_Yellow_black_Yellow_black_Yellow_black_Ooh_black_and_yellow_Lets_shake_it_up_a_little_Barry_Breakfast_is_ready_Ooming_Hang_on_a_second_Hello__Barry__Adam__Oan_you_believe_this_is_happening__I_cant_Ill_pick_you_up_Looking_sharp_Use_the_stairs_Your_father_paid_good_money_for_those_Sorry_Im_excited_Heres_the_graduate_Were_very_proud_of_you_son_A_perfect_report_card_all_Bs_Very_proud_Ma_I_got_a_thing_going_here__You_got_lint_on_your_fuzz__Ow_Thats_me__Wave_to_us_Well_be_in_row_118000__Bye_Barry_I_told_you_stop_flying_in_the_house__Hey_Adam__Hey_Barry__Is_that_fuzz_gel__A_little_Special_day_graduation_Never_thought_Id_make_it_Three_days_grade_school_three_days_high_school_Those_were_awkward_Three_days_college_Im_glad_I_took_a_day_and_hitchhiked_around_the_hive_You_did_come_back_different__Hi_Barry__Artie_growing_a_mustache_Looks_good__Hear_about_Frankie__Yeah__You_going_to_the_funeral__No_Im_not_going_Everybody_knows_sting_someone_you_die_Dont_waste_it_on_a_squirrel_Such_a_hothead_I_guess_he_could_have_just_gotten_out_of_the_way_I_love_this_incorporating_an_amusement_park_into_our_day_Thats_why_we_dont_need_vacations_Boy_quite_a_bit_of_pomp_under_the_circumstances__Well_Adam_today_we_are_men__We_are__Beemen__Amen_Hallelujah_Students_faculty_distinguished_bees_please_welcome_Dean_Buzzwell_Welcome_New_Hive_Oity_graduating_class_of_9:15_That_concludes_our_ceremonies_And_begins_your_career_at_Honex) | you like URL’s?   <br/>
https://discord.gg/wungus Or https://wungus.com/ | church of wungus   <br/>
https://http.cat/ | HTTP cats   <br/>
https://thispersondoesnotexist.com/ | this person does not exist   <br/>
https://thisfursonadoesnotexist.com/ | this fursona does not exist  <br/>
https://wungus.guru/robots.txt | wungus the guru   <br/>
https://deadchat.info/ | dead chat info  <br/>
https://fish-is.me/ | Im a fish....?  <br/> 
https://discord.ceo/ | Discord CEO  <br/>
https://discord.com/humans.txt | Discord  <br/>
https://roing.us/ | click the creature  <br/>
https://printer.discord.com/ | Discord printer  <br/>
https://theuselessweb.com/ | Take me to a useless website  <br/>
http://eval-deez-nuts.xyz/ | eval deez nuts  <br/>
https://didnt-a.sk/ | didn't ask  <br/>
https://dontuwu.glitch.me/ | dont uwu  <br/>
https://eeemo.net/ | zalgo generator (ravy do be lazy btw)   <br/>
https://soap2day.ac/ | all the content in the world  <br/>
https://bongo.cat/ | Become bongo cat  <br/>
https://downloadmoreram.com/ | download more RAM  <br/>
https://benisland.neocities.org/petpet/ | petpet  <br/>
https://thispagewillneverload.com | this page will never load  <br/>
https://inspirobot.me/ | inspiration quotes <br/>
https://appeal.bans.gg/ | ban appeal <br/>
https://shitcord.com/ | shitcord <br/>
https://ban-cs.xyz/ | Stop doing computer science  <br/>
https://xkcd.com/ | A webcomic of romance, sarcasm, math, and language.  <br/>
https://mcbroken.com/ | is the ice cream machine broken  <br/>
https://ian-deploy.xyz/ | Ian deploy  <br/>
https://ian1-deploy.xyz/ | Ian deploy # 2  <br/>
https://bubblespop.netlify.app/ | bubble wrap pop  <br/>
[discord loading messages](https://gist.github.com/advaith1/540543d6a2b7fd66abdb0eb02c002f88) | idk if it's fun but it didn't fit anywhere else  <br/>
https://eval-deez-nuts.xyz/ | eval deez nuts  <br/>
https://fax.pics/ | fax pics  <br/>
https://tikolu.net/elevation/ | how high are you (above sea level)  <br/>
https://tikolu.net/spot-the-difference/gameover | spot the difference <br/>
https://tikolu.net/edit/ | edit the text  <br/>
https://tikolu.net/emojimix/ | emoji mixer  <br/>
https://tikolu.net/font-changer/ | font changer  <br/>
https://tikolu.net/time/ | accurate time  <br/>
https://yonilerner.wtf/ | wtf  <br/>
http://needsmorejpeg.com/ |  need more jpeg  <br/>
https://trashttpandas.ragnarok.workers.dev/ | http racoons

Commit message:

Add misspelled Github url (#116)
just as the name says

**You spelled it wrong.**

wiki/resources/fun-links.md, after:

---
title: Fun Links
sidebar_position: 12
description: Fun links
---

# Fun Links

https://tryitands.ee/ | Try and see video   <br/>
https://shutplea.se/ | Shut bird   <br/>
https://i-dont-ca.re/ | About docs   <br/>
https://just-read.it/ | Read the error smh   <br/>
https://when.lol/ | When did I ask   <br/>
https://getsharex.com/premium | Sharex premium   <br/>
https://nohello.com/ | Don't just say hello   <br/>
https://dtesters.glitch.me/pin | Check the pins smh   <br/>
https://dead-ch.at/ | No dead chat   <br/>
https://dontasktoask.com/ | dont ask to ask   <br/>
https://dtesters.glitch.me/dev | No dev client   <br/> 
https://annoying.name/ | annoying name   <br/>
https://ian-key.xyz/ | Which Ian was it???   <br/>
https://ian-my-beloved.xyz/ | Ian my beloved   <br/>
https://goldensun.club/ | Rickroll Cool forums   <br/>
https://willianevergetdevbadge.xyz/ | TLDR: NO :(   <br/>
https://tennineeightsevensixfivefourthreetwo.one/ | Counts down rickroll   <br/>
https://purpzie.monster/ | purpzie monster   <br/>
https://letterh.xyz/ | the letter h   <br/>
https://is-discord-dead.xyz/ | is discord dead   <br/>
https://chir.ag/projects/tip-of-my-tongue/ | tip my tongue   <br/>
https://wungus.guru/ | no wungus   <br/>
https://wungus.space/ | yes wungus   <br/>
https://bigrat.monster/ | big rat   <br/>
https://oooooooooooooo.ooo/ | oooooooo   <br/>
https://www.soundsjustlike.com/ | sounds just like   <br/>
https://www.whosampled.com/ | who sampled   <br/> 
[a very long URL](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/238376364967723008/522109766848217088/unknown.png?comment=According_to_all_known_laws_of_aviation_there_is_no_way_a_bee_should_be_able_to_fly_Its_wings_are_too_small_to_get_its_fat_little_body_off_the_ground_The_bee_of_course_flies_anyway_because_bees_dont_care_what_humans_think_is_impossible_Yellow_black_Yellow_black_Yellow_black_Yellow_black_Ooh_black_and_yellow_Lets_shake_it_up_a_little_Barry_Breakfast_is_ready_Ooming_Hang_on_a_second_Hello__Barry__Adam__Oan_you_believe_this_is_happening__I_cant_Ill_pick_you_up_Looking_sharp_Use_the_stairs_Your_father_paid_good_money_for_those_Sorry_Im_excited_Heres_the_graduate_Were_very_proud_of_you_son_A_perfect_report_card_all_Bs_Very_proud_Ma_I_got_a_thing_going_here__You_got_lint_on_your_fuzz__Ow_Thats_me__Wave_to_us_Well_be_in_row_118000__Bye_Barry_I_told_you_stop_flying_in_the_house__Hey_Adam__Hey_Barry__Is_that_fuzz_gel__A_little_Special_day_graduation_Never_thought_Id_make_it_Three_days_grade_school_three_days_high_school_Those_were_awkward_Three_days_college_Im_glad_I_took_a_day_and_hitchhiked_around_the_hive_You_did_come_back_different__Hi_Barry__Artie_growing_a_mustache_Looks_good__Hear_about_Frankie__Yeah__You_going_to_the_funeral__No_Im_not_going_Everybody_knows_sting_someone_you_die_Dont_waste_it_on_a_squirrel_Such_a_hothead_I_guess_he_could_have_just_gotten_out_of_the_way_I_love_this_incorporating_an_amusement_park_into_our_day_Thats_why_we_dont_need_vacations_Boy_quite_a_bit_of_pomp_under_the_circumstances__Well_Adam_today_we_are_men__We_are__Beemen__Amen_Hallelujah_Students_faculty_distinguished_bees_please_welcome_Dean_Buzzwell_Welcome_New_Hive_Oity_graduating_class_of_9:15_That_concludes_our_ceremonies_And_begins_your_career_at_Honex) | you like URL’s?   <br/>
https://discord.gg/wungus Or https://wungus.com/ | church of wungus   <br/>
https://http.cat/ | HTTP cats   <br/>
https://thispersondoesnotexist.com/ | this person does not exist   <br/>
https://thisfursonadoesnotexist.com/ | this fursona does not exist  <br/>
https://wungus.guru/robots.txt | wungus the guru   <br/>
https://deadchat.info/ | dead chat info  <br/>
https://fish-is.me/ | Im a fish....?  <br/> 
https://discord.ceo/ | Discord CEO  <br/>
https://discord.com/humans.txt | Discord  <br/>
https://roing.us/ | click the creature  <br/>
https://printer.discord.com/ | Discord printer  <br/>
https://theuselessweb.com/ | Take me to a useless website  <br/>
http://eval-deez-nuts.xyz/ | eval deez nuts  <br/>
https://didnt-a.sk/ | didn't ask  <br/>
https://dontuwu.glitch.me/ | dont uwu  <br/>
https://eeemo.net/ | zalgo generator (ravy do be lazy btw)   <br/>
https://soap2day.ac/ | all the content in the world  <br/>
https://bongo.cat/ | Become bongo cat  <br/>
https://downloadmoreram.com/ | download more RAM  <br/>
https://benisland.neocities.org/petpet/ | petpet  <br/>
https://thispagewillneverload.com | this page will never load  <br/>
https://inspirobot.me/ | inspiration quotes <br/>
https://appeal.bans.gg/ | ban appeal <br/>
https://shitcord.com/ | shitcord <br/>
https://ban-cs.xyz/ | Stop doing computer science  <br/>
https://xkcd.com/ | A webcomic of romance, sarcasm, math, and language.  <br/>
https://mcbroken.com/ | is the ice cream machine broken  <br/>
https://ian-deploy.xyz/ | Ian deploy  <br/>
https://ian1-deploy.xyz/ | Ian deploy # 2  <br/>
https://bubblespop.netlify.app/ | bubble wrap pop  <br/>
[discord loading messages](https://gist.github.com/advaith1/540543d6a2b7fd66abdb0eb02c002f88) | idk if it's fun but it didn't fit anywhere else  <br/>
https://eval-deez-nuts.xyz/ | eval deez nuts  <br/>
https://fax.pics/ | fax pics  <br/>
https://tikolu.net/elevation/ | how high are you (above sea level)  <br/>
https://tikolu.net/spot-the-difference/gameover | spot the difference <br/>
https://tikolu.net/edit/ | edit the text  <br/>
https://tikolu.net/emojimix/ | emoji mixer  <br/>
https://tikolu.net/font-changer/ | font changer  <br/>
https://tikolu.net/time/ | accurate time  <br/>
https://yonilerner.wtf/ | wtf  <br/>
http://needsmorejpeg.com/ |  need more jpeg  <br/>
https://trashttpandas.ragnarok.workers.dev/ | http racoons  <br/>
https://guthib.com | POV: You just woke up and wanted to open Github
