wiki/resources/official-links.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Other Discord Links

## **Discord Website**
> __Description:__ Imagine a place… where links were not so long.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Website](https://dis.gd/)

## **How to Report**
> __Description:__ A guide on how to properly report issues to discord’s Trust and Safety  team.   <br/>
__Link:__  [How To Report](https://dis.gd/howtoreport) | [DMA Article](https://discord.com/moderation/360058643194-104:-How-to-Report-Content-to-Discord)

## **How to get user IDs** 
> __Description:__ A guide on how to find IDs.   <br/>
__Link:__  [How To Get User/Server/Message IDs](https://dis.gd/findmyid)

## **Discord Bugs**
> __Description:__  The official tool to look up for reported bugs.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Bugs](https://bugs.discord.com/)

## **Discord Moderator Academy** 
> __Description:__ Discord’s official resources for moderators, written by moderators.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Moderator Academy](https://dis.gd/moderation)

## **Discord Libraries Servers List**
> __Description:__ Reddit wiki page with all the server of Discord libraries.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Libraries Servers List](https://www.reddit.com/r/discordapp/wiki/developers)

## **Discord Open - Source**
> __Description:__ This is the source list of OSS communities that use and live on Discord.   <br/>
__Link(s):__
[Discord Open Source](https://discord.com/open-source)   <br/>
[Discord Open Source Github](https://github.com/discord/discord-open-source)

## **Discord Branding**  
> __Description:__ Discord’s branding assets and guidelines.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Branding](https://dis.gd/branding)

## **Discord Nitro**
> __Description:__  Information on Nitro & Nitro Classic subscriptions.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Nitro](https://dis.gd/nitro)

## **Discord Status Page**
> __Description:__ Provides information on the current status of the Discord services.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Status Page](https://dis.gd/status)

## **Discord Developer Docs**
> __Description:__ The documents detailing how all types of interactions are handled, and a resource for bot developers.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Developer Docs](https://discord.dev/)

## **Discord Security Bug Bounties**
> __Description:__ The place to submit security vulnerabilities within Discord.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Security Bug Bounties](https://discord.com/security)

## **Latest Transparency Report** 
> __Description:__ The most recent update on the security team’s actions and terminations.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Latest Transparency Report](https://discord.com/blog/discord-transparency-report-h1-2021)

## **Discord’s (new) Media Kit**
> __Description:__ Discord’s official assets.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord (New) Media Kit](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/nabhhaq7kt59exr/AAB7U3f2pW-Jmvdul0yy7o-ia?dl=1)

Commit message:

fix: move bug tool to official links

wiki/resources/official-links.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Other Discord Links

## **Discord Website**
> __Description:__ Imagine a place… where links were not so long.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Website](https://dis.gd/)

## **How to Report**
> __Description:__ A guide on how to properly report issues to discord’s Trust and Safety  team.   <br/>
__Link:__  [How To Report](https://dis.gd/howtoreport) | [DMA Article](https://discord.com/moderation/360058643194-104:-How-to-Report-Content-to-Discord)

## **How to get user IDs** 
> __Description:__ A guide on how to find IDs.   <br/>
__Link:__  [How To Get User/Server/Message IDs](https://dis.gd/findmyid)

## **Discord Bugs**
> __Description:__  The official tool to look up for reported bugs.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Bugs](https://bugs.discord.com/)

### **Discord Testers Bug Tool**
> __Description:__ The official tool for generating text for DBug's !submit command. The form guides you step by step through every input to automatically generate a command for you at the end.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Testers Bug Tool](https://dis.gd/bug-tool)
__Credit:__ @53905483156684800

## **Discord Moderator Academy** 
> __Description:__ Discord’s official resources for moderators, written by moderators.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Moderator Academy](https://dis.gd/moderation)

## **Discord Libraries Servers List**
> __Description:__ Reddit wiki page with all the server of Discord libraries.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Libraries Servers List](https://www.reddit.com/r/discordapp/wiki/developers)

## **Discord Open - Source**
> __Description:__ This is the source list of OSS communities that use and live on Discord.   <br/>
__Link(s):__
[Discord Open Source](https://discord.com/open-source)   <br/>
[Discord Open Source Github](https://github.com/discord/discord-open-source)

## **Discord Branding**  
> __Description:__ Discord’s branding assets and guidelines.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Branding](https://dis.gd/branding)

## **Discord Nitro**
> __Description:__  Information on Nitro & Nitro Classic subscriptions.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Nitro](https://dis.gd/nitro)

## **Discord Status Page**
> __Description:__ Provides information on the current status of the Discord services.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Status Page](https://dis.gd/status)

## **Discord Developer Docs**
> __Description:__ The documents detailing how all types of interactions are handled, and a resource for bot developers.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Developer Docs](https://discord.dev/)

## **Discord Security Bug Bounties**
> __Description:__ The place to submit security vulnerabilities within Discord.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Security Bug Bounties](https://discord.com/security)

## **Latest Transparency Report** 
> __Description:__ The most recent update on the security team’s actions and terminations.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Latest Transparency Report](https://discord.com/blog/discord-transparency-report-h1-2021)

## **Discord’s (new) Media Kit**
> __Description:__ Discord’s official assets.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord (New) Media Kit](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/nabhhaq7kt59exr/AAB7U3f2pW-Jmvdul0yy7o-ia?dl=1)
