wiki/resources/unofficial-servers.md, before:

---
title: Unofficial Servers
sidebar_position: 8
description: Unofficial servers related to discord.
---

# Unofficial Servers

## **Discord API**
> __Description:__ A server dedicated to information and assistance with the Discord API.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord API](https://discord.gg/discord-api)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Discord API team (owned by @80088516616269824)

@gg/discord-api

## **Discord Linux**
> __Description:__ A server dedicated to information and assistance with the Linux version of Discord.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Linux](https://discord.gg/discord-linux)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Discord Linux team (owned by @86201442112671744)

@gg/discord-linux

## **Discord Bots**
> __Description:__ The Discord server for the oldest bots list on Discord, affiliated with Discord API.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Bots](https://discord.gg/dbots)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Discord Bots’ server team (owned by @66237334693085184)

@gg/dbots

## **Discord Networking**
> __Description:__ A place where anyone that helps support the operation of a Discord server can get to know each other, exchange advice, and create lasting partnerships.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Networking](https://discord.gg/BcXExxeGVG) (Access request required)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Discord Networking team (owned by @200987752794292224)

@gg/BcXExxeGVG


## **Displace** 
> __Description:__ The biggest Discord meta community. Get all your Discord news, help, and resources for your community.   <br/>
__Link(s):__ [Displace server](https://discord.gg/displace) | [Displace Website](https://dat.place/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ The Displace team (owned by @249287049482338305)

@gg/displace

## **The Coding Den**
> __Description:__  The Coding Den is a friendly community of coders focusing on helping new and experienced programmers alike.   <br/>
__Link:__ [The Coding Den](https://discord.gg/code)   <br/>
__Credit:__ The Coding Den team (owned by @229334929614438400)

@gg/code

## **Discord Hotline**
> __Description:__ A community for moderators to discuss moderation and Discord meta.   <br/>
__Link:__ (only by referral)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Discord Hotline team (owned by @108432868149035008)

## **The Fish Project**
> __Description:__ Providing early detection of new phishing attacks before they can be used to harm users.   <br/>
__Link:__ (only by referral) (access request required)   <br/>
__Credit:__ The Fish Project team (owned by @459235187469975572)

## **Dev Hub**
> __Description:__ A community to bring developers and proficients together to share ideas and talk (Discord) meta.   <br/>
__Link:__ (only by referral)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Dev Hub team (owned by @386861188891279362)

## **The Programmers Hangout** 
> __Description:__ The Programmers Hangout is a general-purpose programming community with an emphasis on hangout, catering to all experience levels. With a focus on open source projects, education, learning, career progression and programming help.  <br/>
__Link(s):__ [The Programmers Hangout](https://discord.gg/programming) | [The Programmers Hangout Website](https://theprogrammershangout.com/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ The Programmers Hangout team (owned by @335628039302021121)

@gg/programming

Commit message:

Unofficial server list / Community Architects

wiki/resources/unofficial-servers.md, after:

---
title: Unofficial Servers
sidebar_position: 8
description: Unofficial servers related to discord.
---

# Unofficial Servers

## **Discord API**
> __Description:__ A server dedicated to information and assistance with the Discord API.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord API](https://discord.gg/discord-api)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Discord API team (owned by @80088516616269824)

@gg/discord-api

## **Discord Linux**
> __Description:__ A server dedicated to information and assistance with the Linux version of Discord.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Linux](https://discord.gg/discord-linux)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Discord Linux team (owned by @86201442112671744)

@gg/discord-linux

## **Discord Bots**
> __Description:__ The Discord server for the oldest bots list on Discord, affiliated with Discord API.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Bots](https://discord.gg/dbots)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Discord Bots’ server team (owned by @66237334693085184)

@gg/dbots

## **Discord Networking**
> __Description:__ A place where anyone that helps support the operation of a Discord server can get to know each other, exchange advice, and create lasting partnerships.   <br/>
__Link:__ [Discord Networking](https://discord.gg/BcXExxeGVG) (Access request required)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Discord Networking team (owned by @200987752794292224)

@gg/BcXExxeGVG


## **Displace** 
> __Description:__ The biggest Discord meta community. Get all your Discord news, help, and resources for your community.   <br/>
__Link(s):__ [Displace server](https://discord.gg/displace) | [Displace Website](https://dat.place/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ The Displace team (owned by @249287049482338305)

@gg/displace

## **Community Architects**
> __Description:__ We are committed to bringing together community moderators, admins, designers and more to share and collaborate on building communities.
__Link:__ [Community Architects Discord](https://discord.gg/communityarchitects) | [Community Architects Website](https://communityarchitects.net)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Community Architects team (owned by @354309005037797376)

@gg/communityarchitects

## **The Coding Den**
> __Description:__  The Coding Den is a friendly community of coders focusing on helping new and experienced programmers alike.   <br/>
__Link:__ [The Coding Den](https://discord.gg/code)   <br/>
__Credit:__ The Coding Den team (owned by @229334929614438400)

@gg/code

## **Discord Hotline**
> __Description:__ A community for moderators to discuss moderation and Discord meta.   <br/>
__Link:__ (only by referral)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Discord Hotline team (owned by @108432868149035008)

## **The Fish Project**
> __Description:__ Providing early detection of new phishing attacks before they can be used to harm users.   <br/>
__Link:__ (only by referral) (access request required)   <br/>
__Credit:__ The Fish Project team (owned by @459235187469975572)

## **Dev Hub**
> __Description:__ A community to bring developers and proficients together to share ideas and talk (Discord) meta.   <br/>
__Link:__ (only by referral)   <br/>
__Credit:__ Dev Hub team (owned by @386861188891279362)

## **The Programmers Hangout** 
> __Description:__ The Programmers Hangout is a general-purpose programming community with an emphasis on hangout, catering to all experience levels. With a focus on open source projects, education, learning, career progression and programming help.  <br/>
__Link(s):__ [The Programmers Hangout](https://discord.gg/programming) | [The Programmers Hangout Website](https://theprogrammershangout.com/)   <br/>
__Credit:__ The Programmers Hangout team (owned by @335628039302021121)

@gg/programming
